Tuition is set annually by the Florida Legislature, with additional local and institutional fees set by the Miami Dade College Board of Trustees and the Florida Board of Governors. Below are the regulatory references for tuition and fee assessment:
The following rate tables apply to the current academic year and are subject to change based on legislative and internal policy change. 
Some courses are assessed additional costs for online fees, labs, materials and supplies, and general cost recovery. 
Financial  Obligation Agreement (FOA):
All MDC students are required to read and e-sign our Financial Obligation Agreement prior 
                            to enrolling for courses each term. The agreement is available to read and sign during the 
                            registration process. 
                            Read a sample of the 
                                Financial Obligation Agreement and 
                                view the 
                                steps to complete it.
                        
Associate Programs, College Credit Certificate (C.C.C.), Advanced Technical Certificate 
                            (A.T.C.), Developmental Education and Educator Preparatory
*Parking fees are waived for MDC Live, MDC Online, and Independent Study courses.
Bachelor of Applied Science (BAS), Bachelor of Science (BS), and Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN)
*Parking fees are waived for MDC Live, MDC Online, and Independent Study courses.
Career Technical Certificate (C.T.E./V.C.C.)
Total fees per term is $30.00
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
