This 2-year apprenticeship program will provide accepted applicants with the rigorous training and knowledge to become Automotive Service Technicians. Through a combination of paid on-the job training and classroom instruction, apprentices will learn to inspect, diagnose, service, repair, and rebuild mechanical, electrical, and electronic systems in vehicles.
This Registered Apprenticeship Program is designed for persons who aspire to become an Automotive Technician Specialist. Individualslearn to inspect, diagnose, repair, rebuild and service mechanical, electrical, and electronic systems and components of all types of new and used vehicles.
This program is designed for persons who aspire to become Building 
        Automation Technician. Participants are prepared to assist with building 
        automation systems startup and assuring that all systems and components 
        of a building are designed, installed, tested, operated, and maintained
        according to the owner's or final client's operational requirements. This 
        program is a career pathway that combines college coursework, mentoring, 
          and on-the-job training.
This program is designed for persons who aspire to become Master Craftsmen as aircraft technicians. Students learn to perform structural assemblies, modifications and repairs on commercial aircraft in accordance with federal aviation regulations, manufacturer's recommendation and airline approved maintenance programs.      
This program is designed for persons who aspire to become Financial Specialists. Participants are prepared to compute, classify, and record numerical data to keep financial records complete. Participants will also be prepared to check the accuracy of figures, calculations, and postings pertaining to business transactions recorded by other workers. This program is a career pathway that combines college coursework, mentoring, and on-the-job training.
This program is designed for persons who aspire to become Personal Banking Representatives (Tellers). Participants are prepared to provide customer service to clients and perform tasks, which may include, filing and maintaining customer records, reconciling teller drawers, handling bank transfers, assisting with online accounts, completing transactions, accepting deposits, and answering banking or financial related questions. This program is a career pathway that combines college coursework, mentoring, and on-the-job training.
       
This program is designed to advance incumbents or fast-track apprentices into a management position. Participants learn practical and theoretical skills needed to operate a successful business. An Operations/General Manager assesses the needs of the company and devises strategies that produce profit, develops and maintains relationships with clients & customers, and serve in leadership roles, mentoring, coaching and training employees.
This program is designed for persons who aspire to become a Project Manager.Participants are prepared to analyze and coordinate the schedule, timeline,
        procurement, staffing, and budget of a product or service on a per project basis. Lead and guide the work of technical staff. May serve as a point of
        contact for the client or customer. This program is a career pathway that combines college coursework, mentoring, and on-the-job training.
The Teacher Assistant Program in Early Childhood Education is designed for persons who enjoy working with children and are devoted to building a nurturing and safe learning environment. This program is a career pathway that combines college coursework, mentoring, and on-the-job training to learn the key responsibilities and skills required to support teachers and help children with their educational and social development, both in and out of the classroom.
This program is designed for persons who aspire to become Hotel Associates. Participants are prepared for a successful career in the lodging industry. Participants will also be prepared for positions such as Front Desk Agent or Guest Service Representative. This program is a career pathway that combines college coursework, mentoring, and on-the-job training.
This program is designed for persons who aspire to become Restaurant Managers. Participants are prepared to oversee food preparation, ensuring compliance with health, safety, food handling, and hygiene standards while ensuring customer satisfaction with all aspects of the restaurant and dining experience. A Restaurant Manager also assesses the needs of the company and devises strategies that produce profit, develops and maintains relationships with clients & customers, and resolves concerns in a diplomatic and courteous manner. This program is a career pathway that combines college coursework, mentoring, and on-the-job training.

This program is designed to prepare apprentices with the technical knowledge and skills for employment as support technicians in commercial, industrial and government institutions.
This program is designed for persons who aspire to become Dental Assistants. Participants are prepared to perform limited clinical duties under the direction of a dentist such as equipment preparation and sterilization, preparing patients for treatment, assisting the dentist during treatment, and providing patients with instructions for oral healthcare procedures. This program is a career pathway that combines college coursework, mentoring, and on-the-job training. 
This program is designed for persons who aspire to become Certified Nurse
              Assistant. Participants are prepared to provide or assist with basic care or 
              support under the direction of onsite licensed nursing staff. Perform duties 
              such as monitoring health status, feeding, bathing, dressing, grooming, 
              toileting, or ambulating patients in a health or nursing facility. May also
              include medication administration and other health-related tasks. Includes
              nursing care attendants, nursing aides, and nursing attendants. This program 
              is a career pathway that combines college coursework, mentoring, and 
              on-the-job training. 
Every year, billions of dollars of cargo move through ports and corridors in South Florida – the gateway to the Americas. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Transportation & Logistics operations is the second largest employment sector in the United States. The fluidity of integration in the field of Transportation & Logistics has expanded to include air, rail, sea, and truck transport.
The Transportation & Logistics Specialist Apprenticeship is designed to prepare apprentices for employment in Transportation, Distribution and Logistics. The program content is broad-based to reflect the cross-functional relationships prevalent in supply chain management. Apprentices are exposed to planning, directing, and coordinating transportation, storage, or distribution activities in accordance with organizational policies and applicable government laws or regulations. 
Department of Career and Technical Education
     305-237-8384
apprenticeship@mdc.edu
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
