The renowned Eig-Watson School of Aviation has been a leader in the aviation field since its beginnings in 1961. As a pioneer in aviation education, it has served the South Florida area as one of the premier institutes of learning. Continuing in its success, the School has expanded its degree and course offerings to include the multi-dimensional field of transportation and logistics.
Students can take courses in one of several different formats:  traditionally or on-line. The traditional, in-class style of learning involves a standard classroom and teacher. The blended format is an integration of in-class and on-line learning. And our on-line courses are completely virtual, though students are always welcome to contact professors via e-mail, phone, or in-person.
Courses can be taken for credit or non-credit hours. Those who enroll in one of the School’s degree-seeking programs or certificates can start in either fall, spring, or summer term.
Upon graduation, students will be able to formulate strategies attending to issues in administration and maintenance, logistics, and management. Students will be exposed to global and historical perspectives regarding the field of aviation and transportation and logistics. Students will demonstrate competencies in the areas of industry operations, governmental laws and regulations, and organizational procedures. Upon graduation, students will be able to formulate strategies attending to issues in administration and maintenance, logistics, and management. Students will be exposed to global and historical perspectives regarding the field of aviation and transportation and logistics.      
Our associate degrees  and certificate programs are designed to meet the needs of students interested  in becoming tomorrow’s professionals. Our FAA-approved courses blend theory  with application to provide students with the theoretical knowledge and  real-world skills needed to succeed in the 21st century.
View Programs
Students who are enrolled in a  college-level or vocational credit course and pass a certification exam, will  be reimbursed for the cost of the exam.
Earn college credits for your FAA licenses
Learn more about certifications
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
