All new college credit students are assessed a $30 non-refundable admission application processing fee.
All students admitted to an in-program Bachelor's degree are assessed a $25 non-refundable admission application processing fee.
Academic departments may charge additional fees based on your degree program or registered courses. Some courses carry special fees in addition to the regular registration fees.
It takes a few business days for the College to be notified by our bank of a rejected credit card payment. The College will post a charge to your account for the full amount of the rejected payment and a rejected credit card penalty fee will be charged to your student account.
The College accepts credit card payments from American Express, Discover, Master Card, and Visa. There is a 2% non-refundable processing fee assessed by credit card processor. Note: An online debit card payment will be processed as a credit card and will incur the 2% non-refundable processing fee.
It takes seven to ten business days for the College to be notified by our bank of a rejected e-Check payment. The College will post a charge to your account for the full amount of the rejected payment and a $15 returned e-Check fee will be charged to your student account.
All new international students are assessed a $50 non-refundable admission application processing fee.
MDC Online classes have a distance learning fee of $15 per credit. (i.e. $45 for a 3-credit course). To comply with federal requirements, MDC Online uses secure login and password to verify the identity of online students. There are no additional student charges associated with verification of student identification.
Students admitted into a nursing program are required to pay a non-refundable deposit. These deposits will be applied to your student account after you have met specific program milestones.
Review information about Florida Residency for Tuition Purposes online.
Some courses carry special fees in addition to the regular registration fees.
An official transcript is the institution certified statement of your academic record. All official transcript requests will be charged a $5.00 non-refundable fee.
The Tuition & Fees page details the tuition and fees by career and residency for the current academic year.
All fees are subject to change without notice
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
