Homestead Campus
 Welcome to TRIO Student Support Services (SSS) at Miami Dade College, Homestead Campus!  We are committed to helping students achieve their academic and personal potential through personalized guidance.  This includes assistance with goal identification and completion, financial literacy as well as additional wraparound services (i.e. community service provider referrals).   The program offers a diversity of events that appeal to a variety of personal, educational and career interests.  SSS aspires to help participants prepare for professional success through activities that focus on the development of academic, professional, organizational, and leadership skills. 
TRIO Student Support  Services (SSS) is a program funded by the U.S. Department of Education.  TRIO SSS aims to increase college success  rates with the ultimate goal being the completion of a post-secondary education  (obtaining Bachelor's degree at MDC or by transferring to another four year  institution).  With early intervention  strategies and additional services in areas such as academic advising and  mentorship, those that have been accepted into the program, will be better able  to develop their short and long term goals. SSS also offers educational and cultural enrichment activities,  professional development workshops, internships, service learning, and tutoring.  
We are always on the move.  Keep informed with the latest events by following us. 
We are now accepting applications. Apply today!
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
