Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q. What is a  Radiographer?
A. A radiographer is a healthcare professional, who uses ionizing  radiation to create medical images of the body to help health care providers  diagnose and treat illnesses and injuries. Radiographers are an essential  member of the health care team, and are in great demand nationwide.
Q. When does the program start and when is the target review date for the program?
A. The program starts in Fall (August) of each year. The target review date to request a milestone review is May 1st.
Q. What are the  program requirements?
                  A. To request a milestone review for the Radiography Program you must have completed, or be enrolled in, HSC 0003, CGS 1060, RTE 1000, BSC 2085/L, BSC 2086/L, ENC 1101, MGF 1107, AMH 2020, HUM 1020, And PHI 2604.
Q. What are the  selection criteria?
A. Because selection is limited in this program, selection criteria is based on the grade point average (GPA); the grades earned BSC, MGF, and RTE 1000 courses  as well as the number of completed general education courses. Preference will be given to those students that have successfully completed all of the general education requirements associated with the Radiology program. 
Q.Can I request a milestone review if I have not completed all of the general education and science courses?
A. You request a milestone review to determine if you are eligible to progress to disciple courses before completing these courses.  However, selections will be based on the number of courses completed. You are encouraged to complete all of the non-discipline courses to increase your chances of progressing to discipline courses in the program
Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. You  will earn an Associate in Science degree in Radiography in approximately two  years (6 semesters). This will qualify you to participate in the credentialing  process offered by the American Registry of Radiologic Technologies (ARRT) to  become a Registered Radiographer. 
Q. What are the hours  of the program?
A. Lecture and laboratory classes are offered on the alternate days  of the clinic. The lecture hours will vary every semester. Most classes are  scheduled between 7:00am and 3:00pm.  However, there may be occasional  late afternoon classes. Clinical courses are scheduled from 7:30 a.m. to 4:00  p.m. (day time).
Q. Can I work while I  am a student in the program?
A. Employment is not encouraged, but you should be able to work  about 15- 20 hours per week without jeopardizing your course grades. Students  must earn at least a final grade of a "C" or better to continue in the program.
Q. Do you assist with  job placement after graduation?
A. The Radiography Program does not provide job placement.   Through the Career Center located in the New Student Center on the Medical  Campus, graduates may review employment opportunities that have been forwarded  to the Career Center. 
Q. Do I need to take a  test to work in this profession after graduation?
A. To work as a Radiographer, a license is required in the state of  Florida. This license requires that you pass the American Registry of  Radiologic Technology (ARRT) board exam. After obtaining the ARRT License, the  graduate can apply for the Florida State License through endorsement (no  examination required).
Q. What is the approximate  annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. In the South Florida area, entry-level graduates may expect to  earn approximately an annual salary of $35,000.00-$52,000 per year if employed  full-time in a hospital setting. This does not include a sign-on bonus,  benefits or overtime.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
