You must have a valid MDC account in order to request transcripts. To access or reset your account, please visit the MDC Account Tools page.
Students enrolled in Spring term and Spring term graduates will have an end-of-term (EOT) hold. This hold will prevent official transcripts from being released until the end-of-term processing is complete.
Due to end-of-term grade and graduation processing, official transcript requests via MDConnect will NOT be available from Friday, April 26, to Thursday, May 2.
Starting on Friday, May 3, students can submit an official transcript request via MDConnect.
Spring term graduates should check their email for important communication regarding graduation status and review the unofficial transcript to ensure the degree is posted before ordering the official academic transcript.
Please contact transcript Services via email at transcriptservices@mdc.edu if you need immediate assistance.
Students can now send their official Miami Dade College transcripts using Blockchain technology. 
          This service can facilitate students to easily manage, verify and share their official transcripts through this service. You can send your official transcripts to any colleges/universities and recipients of your choice. 
Miami Dade College sends now official transcripts via the following methods:
Students requesting official transcripts to be sent to the AMCAS Application Center may use the instant option sending transcripts to - amcastranscripts@aamc.org.
Students requesting official transcripts to be sent to NursingCAS, PharmCAS, LSAC, and others must choose the paper transcripts option when placing the official MDC transcript order through the student account. Any matching form that may need to be included along with the official MDC transcripts must be emailed to transcriptservices@mdc.edu in a PDF format. If you have any questions regarding this process, please contact Transcript Services at 305-237-2701 or transcriptservices@mdc.edu.
 Log in to your student portal to review your unofficial transcript and order your official MDC transcripts. Each transcript request costs $5.00.
The College accepts credit card payments from American Express, Discover, Master Card, and Visa. There is a 2% non-refundable processing fee assessed by the credit card processor.
 If you need to mail an official transcript to another country, please contact Transcript Services via email for assistance. Students now have the option to send their official transcripts by selecting the Instant option via Blockchain and providing an email address of the recipient, this includes United States/US territory and foreign countries. 
To mail a transcript request, you must complete a Transcript Request Form, sign the form, and include a clear and legible photocopy of a government issued ID with signature (such as your driver's license, State-Issued identification card, and passport). 
Mailed requests must be sent to the address below. 
All personal checks, money orders, or cashier’s checks must be made payable to Miami Dade College with its required date and signature. All cash payments are only accepted on campus at the Bursar's Office, please do not submit cash with your mail request. 
For Priority/Express Mail service, send expedited mail through one of the following:
All requests must be accompanied by a pre-paid and pre-addressed Express Mail/Priority PDF label which should be sent to transcriptservices@mdc.edu. All arrangements must be made by the requestor.
Please use the following for the sender address: 
Miami Dade College
                            Attention: Transcript Processing Services
                            11011 S.W. 104th Street, Room R301
                            Miami, Florida 33176-3393 
Please complete the Transcript Request Form for Active Duty and Veteran Students, and send it via email to transcriptservices@mdc.edu.
                The form must be signed and include a clear and legible photocopy of your valid picture ID with signature (such as your driver's license).
Do not place your request online through the Student Portal if you are an active duty or veteran student. You must submit the required documentation for the transcript fee to be waived. 
In accordance with F.S. 1009.26 (17a), MDC students who are active-duty military, honorably discharged veterans of the United States Armed Forces, or spouses and/or dependents are eligible for a transcript fee waiver. The waiver will cover a printed or electronic official transcript.
Express mail services are not covered by the waiver. To use express mail services, the student must provide the appropriate pre-paid shipping label to Transcript Services in advance of sending the transcript(s).
Students should allow one (1) business day after payment has been received for their mailed official academic transcript request to be processed. Once the transcript has been processed, it will be mailed via the US Postal  Service. Students should allow for 3-5 business days (in-state) and 7-10 business days (out-of-state) for receipt of the transcript.
All transcript requests paid online using a debit/credit card have a 2% service fee charge.
Monday - Thursday 
                    8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. 
                    Friday 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. 
Transcript Processing Services Office
                    Telephone: (305) 237-2701 Email: transcriptservices@mdc.edu
Evaluation Services Office
                      Telephone: (305) 237-0440  
                      Email: evaluationservices@mdc.edu

11011 S.W. 104th Street, Room R301 Miami, Florida 33176-3393
Your feedback is important to us. Please take a moment to let us know how we're doing.
Take the Survey
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
