Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Prepare for a cutting-edge career with a bachelor's degree in biological sciences from Miami Dade College. South Florida is home to two major life sciences research hubs and more than 1,300 companies that are creating the future right now and have a high demand for skilled workers. This program responds to the needs of our region’s employers.
A capstone internship with a prospective employer or private/public partner moves beyond the classroom, allowing you to put your skills to the test in the real world.
The biotechnology concentration of this bachelor’s program helps you build the knowledge and skills you’ll need to succeed in the life sciences. As a biotechnology student, you’ll learn about:

Biological Sciences students can also choose to graduate with these additional concentrations:
Continued growth in the biotechnology and medical research fields is expected to continue to drive growth in the life sciences industry, especially in the South Florida region, which is rapidly evolving into a hot spot for life sciences research. An education in biotechnology opens doors to careers in a variety of workplaces, including:
These four-year programs combine extensive academic studies with the real-world experience students need to pursue a career in their selected field.
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
