At Miami Dade College, Planning and Policy Analysis (PPA) plays a leadership role in  meeting the labor market information (LMI) needs of internal college data users. A variety of LMI projects have been completed including the following. Providing local labor market overviews by campus and collegewide. Highlighting potential opportunities for new programs. Identifying outreach opportunities at the zip code level by campus (e.g., zip codes with low educational attainment levels and low MDC enrollment). Supporting grants by analyzing gaps between workforce ready graduates in specified occupations within a specified region compared to the number of regional annual job openings. Data can be analyzed by a variety of variables including, educational level, based on salary parameters, by occupational groups or for a specific occupation, based on a specific regional boundary, etc. Selected resources used for LMI research are highlighted below.
Miami Dade College (MDC) has a limited number of Lightcast Analyst subscription logins. Analyst is an online labor market information (LMI) tool that delivers timely data for use in analyzing top regional industries, occupations, job postings, educational programs, and demographics. Jobs EQ provides similar information.
The Miami-Dade Beacon Council is a public-private partnership that serves as the official economic development organization for Miami-Dade County. Led by a professional staff and Board of volunteer community leaders, the Beacon Council facilitates business growth and expansion locally, across Florida, nationally, and internationally. Miami Dade College actively supports and participates in the Beacon Council’s important work.
The Center on Education and the Workforce (CEW) at Georgetown University is a research and policy institute. CEW is a prominent national organization that studies the links between education, career qualifications, and workforce demands.
FDEO’s Bureau of Workforce Statistics and Economic Research (WSER) produces, analyzes, and delivers timely and reliable labor market statistics to strengthen economic decision-making. The data are useful for higher education institutions seeking to create new programs and helps determine the extent to which unmet education and training needs exist locally, regionally, or statewide. The bureau delivers a variety of labor market, economic, and demographic data including:
Florida Department of Economic Opportunity
The Florida Department of Economic Opportunity in collaboration with the Florida Department of Education provide an annual regional demand occupation lists for all workforce regions and statewide. In the link below see Workforce Development Area 23 for information about Miami-Dade and Monroe Counties.
The Bureau of Economic and Business Research (BEBR) at the University of Florida produces Florida’s official state and local population estimates and projections. BEBR is organized to collect, analyze, and generate economic and demographic data for Florida or local areas.
The Florida Price Level Index (FPLI) was established by the Legislature as the basis for the District Cost Deferential (DCD) in the Florida Education Finance Program (FEFP). It is a useful index for comparing wages within different areas of the state. The index is created under the direction of Jim Dewey from Florida Polytechnic University. Miami Dade College uses the FPLI when providing salary comparisons within different areas of the state.
FRED is an online database containing economic data time series from national, international, public, and private sources. FRED, created and maintained by the Research Department at the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, combines data with a powerful mix of tools that help the user understand, interact with, display, and disseminate the data. FRED helps users tell their data stories and guidance about how to use the system is available on the website.
FETPIP is a data collection and consumer reporting system established by Florida Statutes providing follow-up data on former students and program participants who have graduated, exited, or completed a public education or training program within the State of Florida. Statutorily, Florida workforce development system providers must use FETPIP information for projects requiring automated matching of administrative records for follow-up purposes (e.g., Unemployment Insurance Wage Records, State Wage Record Interchange System, Florida Education providers, etc.)
The Census Bureau's mission is to serve as the nation’s leading provider of quality data about the people and economy of the United States. The Census’ goal is to provide the best mix of timeliness, relevancy, quality, and cost for the data collected and services provided.
The American Community Survey (ACS) releases new data every year through a variety of data tables. ACS often uses estimates to furnish the most current information possible. ACS contains a series of special datasets, such as the ACS Experimental Data, ACS Summary File, and ACS Public Use Microdata Sample (PUMS) files.
The US Department of Labor fosters, promotes, and develops the welfare of wage earners, job seekers, and retirees across the United States.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics is the principal fact-finding agency for the Federal Government in the broad field of labor economics and statistics. USDOL produces an array of useful on-line tools to support labor market and economic analysis.
The Occupational Outlook Handbook is the US Department of Labor's Bureau of Labor Statistics official publication that includes information about the nature of work, working conditions, training and education, earnings, and the job outlook for 500+ different occupations across the country
My Next Move is an interactive tool, sponsored by the US Department of Labor, for job seekers and students to learn more about their career options. My Next Move has tasks, skills, salary information and more for 900+ different careers.
USA Facts provides a data-driven portrait of the American population, US governments’ finances, and governments’ impact on society. The group identifies itself as a nonpartisan, not-for-profit civic initiative providing cost free spending, revenue, demographic, and performance information as a public service. The US Census is among the primary data sources.
Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness
To contact a member from our team, please visit the Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness contact page.
SIE Service Request Form
Login to SharePoint Site
