Each campus has a culture that is as diverse as its student body. Each offers opportunities for
                        teamwork and leadership.
The Mission  of the Benjamín León School of Nursing Alumni Association of Miami-Dade College  is to foster a lifelong relationship between Alumni and their School of Nursing;  to promote a spirit of loyalty and  fraternity among graduates, students, and friends; and to encourage members to  maintain personal involvement in the activities of the School of Nursing. 
The following represent the specific goals of the Benjamín León  School of Nursing (SON) Alumni Association of Miami-Dade College.
Goal I: Service to Alumni:

Encourage strong advocacy (new equipment, scholarships) network
Promote good social connections
Offer career networking/mentoring
Support Lifelong learning

Goal II: Service to the Benjamín  León School of Nursing: 

  Sponsor Fundraising Activities
  Instill Pride in and Advocacy for School of Nursing

Goal III: Alumni Association Board Membership: 

  Sustain membership of the Benjamín León School of Nursing Alumni Board
  Diversify membership of the Benjamín León School of Nursing Alumni Board
  Develop formal liaison with the Benjamín León School of Nursing student body

Membership
                            All persons holding  nursing degrees from Miami-Dade College School of Nursing, by virtue of this,  are members of the School of Nursing Alumni Association, and are welcome to  participate on the School of Nursing Alumni Board. In addition, matriculated  School of Nursing juniors, seniors, and graduate students are also eligible.
                            Andrea Medwinter, President, P:305-484-6915, Email: ameds5@gmail.com
                            Florence Verna, 1st VP
                            Earl Wilson, 2nd VP
							Shellaine Coakley, Secretary
                            Dr. Helen Bhagwandin, Advisor
The Mission  of the Benjamín León School of Nursing Alumni Association of Miami-Dade College  is to foster a lifelong relationship between Alumni and their School of Nursing;  to promote a spirit of loyalty and  fraternity among graduates, students, and friends; and to encourage members to  maintain personal involvement in the activities of the School of Nursing. 
The following represent the specific goals of the Benjamín León  School of Nursing (SON) Alumni Association of Miami-Dade College.
Goal I: Service to Alumni:
Goal II: Service to the Benjamín  León School of Nursing: 
Goal III: Alumni Association Board Membership: 
Membership
                            All persons holding  nursing degrees from Miami-Dade College School of Nursing, by virtue of this,  are members of the School of Nursing Alumni Association, and are welcome to  participate on the School of Nursing Alumni Board. In addition, matriculated  School of Nursing juniors, seniors, and graduate students are also eligible.
Alpha Beta Epsilon at-Large is the newly established official chapter of Sigma at Miami Dade College and Baptist Health. This chapter is part of a prestigious international honor society of Nursing. Student members are selected for induction for ranking within the top 35% of their RN-BSN class. Sigma is an international community of nurses, dedicated to the advancement of knowledge, teaching, learning, and service through the cultivation of communities of practice, education, and research. For further information, please contact our chapter at   SigmaABE@mdc.edu

The Florida Nursing Student Association is a professional organization that informs students of current issues in nursing and provides
									opportunities to participate in the change process on a local, state, and national level. The experience enhances leadership skills and employment opportunities. Members become active in community projects and campus committees.
                                        
                                        Advisors:
                                        Marie Etienne
                                        
P:
                                        305-237-4288
										
                                        Barbara Popola
                                        
P:
The Health Information Management Student Association is composed of students from the health information management, coder-biller
									specialist and medical transcription programs. HIMSA’s goal is to enhance its members’ educational experience by keeping them abreast of
									activities, seminars, conventions, annual state meetings and employment opportunities.
                                        
                                        Advisor: Mary Worsley
                                        
P:
                                        305-237-4156
The Laboratory Science Student Association is open to all full- and part-time students enrolled in the medical laboratory technology program on the Medical Campus. The main function of the group is to promote visibility of the MLT program while promoting cohesion among its members. Activities that raise funds and foster volunteerism are integral tenets of the organization. 
                                        
                                        Advisor: Joan McLaughlin
                                        
P:305-237-4224
                                    
Phi Theta Kappa is the  scholastic honor society for students attending two-year colleges. Founded in  1918, it is the only internationally acclaimed honor society serving  institutions which offer associate degree programs. The Medical Campus PTK  chapter is Alpha Gamma Delta.
                                      Advisor:                                      Ileana S. Pino 
                                      Co-advisors: Jemimah Mitchell,  Heather Braithwaite
                                    P: 305-237-4010 
Membership in the Physical Therapist Assistant Club is available to all students in the physical therapist assistant program. Participation in the club enhances members’ exposure to professional and career issues in physical therapy.
                                        
P:
                                        305-237-4171
The Physician Assistant Student Organization (PASO) is a group assembled and initiated by students in the Miami Dade College Physician Assistant Program and overseen by a faculty committee from MDC’s PA Program. The goal of PASO is to provide structure and guidance within each matriculating class while promoting academic achievement, clinical excellence, and service to the community. PASO coordinates and assists in intramural events within the physician assistant program as well as extracurricular community activities such as Project SEED, MDC’s Health Fair, and events with the American Association of Physician Associates (AAPA) and the Florida Academy of Physician Assistants (FAPA).
The Student American Dental Hygienists’ Association is dedicated to building the ethical and educational future of the profession. Involvement in the association provides the student with the opportunity of previewing a professional career in dental hygiene.
                                        
                                        Advisor: Susan Kass
                                        
P:
                                        305-237-4029
The Student Association of Medical Sonographers provides a forum to discuss related issues and to stay current in ultrasound technology. Members have the opportunity to interact and network with other professional organizations.
                                        
                                        Advisor: Dalia Sanchez-Suarez
                                        
P:
                                        305-237-4245
OADN is the only national organization dedicated to associate degree nursing. As the leading advocate for Associate Degree Nursing, OADN promotes academic progression of graduates in furthering education to reach their maximum professional potential. For additional information, please visit www.oadn.org. 
                                 Florida Chapter President: Dr. Valerie Browne
P: 305-237-4051
The Student Government Association is the voice of the student body. Its role is to address the concerns and issues of students attending MDC Medical Campus.
							
                                Members represent the student body at campus and college-wide meetings. They also develop teamwork, leadership and organizational skills that are vital in today's competitive job market.
Get Involved
                            The Student Life Department is where you can obtain your student ID card (MDCard), parking decals, applications
                            for student organizations, activities calendars, intramurals and more. 
Location: Room 1171

P: 305-237-4213
Hours:
                            Monday - Thursday: 8 a.m. - 6 p.m.
                            Friday: 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. 
Want to start an organization or schedule an event? Need a travel form or budget form? Forms are available for a variety of student life needs.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
