 
It only takes one storm to change your life and community. Tropical cyclones are among nature’s most powerful and destructive phenomena. As part of the Miami-Dade community, we live in an area prone to tropical cyclones, therefore, you need to be prepared. Even areas well away from the coastline can be threatened by dangerous flooding, destructive winds and tornadoes from these storms. The National Hurricane Center and Central Pacific Hurricane Center issue watches, warnings, forecasts, and analyses of hazardous tropical weather.
The Atlantic hurricane season extends from June 1st through November 30th each year. Understanding the difference between National Weather Service (NWS) watches and warnings is critical to being prepared for any dangerous weather hazard, including hurricanes. MDC district Office of Emergency Preparedness is part of the NOAA Ambassador Program and obtains weekly weather briefings from the NWS Forecast Office Miami - South Florida, which advises our college community:
Tropical Storm conditions are possible within the specified area.
Tropical Storm conditions are expected within the specified area.
An announcement that hurricane conditions are possible within the specified area. Because outside preparedness activities become difficult once winds reach tropical storm force, watches are issued 48 hours in advance of the anticipated onset of tropical-storm-force winds.
During a watch, prepare your work area and home; review your plan for evacuation in case a Hurricane or Tropical Storm Warning is issued. Listen closely to instructions from local officials.
An announcement that hurricane conditions are expected within the specified area. Because outside preparedness activities become difficult once winds reach tropical storm force, warnings are issued 36 hours in advance of the anticipated onset of tropical-storm-force winds.
During a warning, complete storm preparations and immediately leave the threatened area if directed by local officials.
Extreme sustained winds of a major hurricane (115 mph or greater), usually associated with the eyewall, are expected to begin within an hour.
The BEST TIME TO PREPARE for a hurricane is before one is threatening South Florida. Get ready for hurricanes by following three simple steps: (1) Get a Kit (2) Have a Plan (3) Be informed.
