The MDC  WORKS Career Studio is collaborating with Google on a pilot Career  Readiness Program called “Grow with Google”. The MDC WORKS Career Studio  will share workshops from our department and add supplemental resources, videos  and training provided by Google on various topics around professional  development and entrepreneurship.
This  partnership aims to provide additional training, tools, and expertise to help aspiring  entrepreneurs, students, and jobseekers in achieving their career goals and/or  start a business. 
Whether  you are just starting or have some experience you can pick the path that’s best  for you and get started! You will have the choice to complete one or all five  paths:
Explore  a variety of Google digital tools and how they can be used to increase your 
                    productivity  in the workplace and in everyday life.
Core  Lessons: 
Not  sure what you want to do? Research different occupations to figure out which  career might be right for you. 
Core  Lessons: 
Use  digital tools to search for a job, write a resume, cover letter, and learn how  to 
                    stand  out in interviews while conveying your personal brand throughout.
Core Lessons: 
Practice  running efficient meetings, managing projects, and presenting to organizational  stakeholders.
Core  Lessons: 
Got  a great idea! Get started!
Complete 1 or all of the 5 “Grow with Google” Paths and receive:
Grow  with us! Join us at the MDC WORKS Career Studio for the “Grow with Google”  Career Readiness Program during LIVE workshops every Tuesday and Thursday until  May 1, 2022 or drop-in with questions during office hours! This program is free  and available to all students on all campuses.
 Path  3 "How to Land a Great Job” – Do what you love and love what you do!
Tuesdays  at 2:30 - 3:30 pm (until May 1, 2022).

Session  Description: 
Benefit:  Early Access to Career Fair at Your Campus & receive a Certificate from  Grow with Google.
Attend the "How to Land a Great Job” Workshop Here
“For  Students by Students – A Career Boost Discussion Series”
 All  Paths 1-5
Thursdays  at 12:00pm - 1:00 pm (until May 1, 2022). 
Session  Description: 
Program  Benefits
 Complete  1 or all of the 5 “Grow with Google” Paths and receive:
 Attend the “For Students by Students – A Career Boost Discussion Series” Workshop
 Attend a Live Session or Participate at your own pace. All the workshops are available online and are self-directed. When you sign up, please be sure to use your MDC Student email.

You can find the "Sign Up" prompt in the upper right-hand corner of the page.
                
 Sign up for the program today!
FOR FACULTY
                    Schedule a classroom presentation or practice interviews for your students.
                
MDCWORKS@mdc.edu
305-237-9675 (WORK)

Instagram
                        

Linkedin
                        
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
