Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Physician Assistant program is 27 months in  duration. During the first year, students complete course work in basic and  applied sciences including, Anatomy & Physiology, Pathophysiology, Clinical  medicine, Pharmacology, Physical Diagnosis techniques, and surgical technical  skills. Several of these courses have both a lecture and a laboratory  component.
The second year provides students the opportunity to  develop their clinical skills and expand their knowledge by participating in  supervised clinical practice experiences (SCPE) under the supervision of  medical professionals such as Physician Assistants and physicians. Students  experience a broad range of clinical opportunities due to affiliations with  numerous hospitals, primary care centers and free-standing clinical settings  within the State of Florida.
Throughout the 27 months students matriculating in  the MDC (Miami Dade College) PA (Physician Assistant) program will concurrently  enroll in both the MDC PA program and the Master of Health Science (M.H.Sc.)  program through its affiliation with Nova Southeastern University (NSU).  Students will take a total of 8 online NSU Master’s courses broken up over 8  terms. PA students who successfully complete all the requirements of the MDC PA  Program and the NSU M.H.Sc. program will simultaneously graduate with the  professional credential from MDC and the Master’s degree from NSU. For more  information on the NSU M.H.Sc. degree visit the Nova's official degree website
MDC Course List:  Health Science -  PAS_BAS-Course Sequence Guide
MDC Program Sheet: Complete course list
NOVA Course List: NSU course sequence
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
