Sessions held in person (on campus)
Choose your campus of preference and you will be referred.
Counselors are available on campus during the day and after-hours throughout the week including Saturdays. Students may receive up to 10 free hour-long sessions where they can speak confidentially with a licensed counselor. Sessions during the day will be held in person (on campus). When filling out the form, please select either in person or virtual. Student's enrollment in courses for the current semester is required.
After-hours sessions, including Saturdays, are only held virtually. MDC is collaborating with Mantra Health to offer virtual mental health care through a confidential and secure patient portal. The portal provides seamless communication with your provider through a messaging system and video calls.
Benefits of Counseling:
Request Services
National Crisis and Support Line for students needing immediate mental health services and emotional support (including suicidal crisis and severe emotional distress).
Call 988
Mantra Self Care Hub is a self-guided mental wellness program that offers hundreds of fun, relaxing and relatable lessons and videos. It’s the first Dialectical Behavioral Therapy life skills program developed for college students. The program is produced by the award-winning digital mental health provider Mantra Health and it's free to all MDC students. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
