Florida Ready to Work (FRTW) is a career education and credentialing program focused on providing students with the foundational employability and essential “soft skills” training necessary to excel in technical education/industry certification, college, apprenticeship, and employment.  The credentials and corresponding coursework are available to all Miami Dade College current and prospective students.
Students who complete the program may earn the Florida Ready to Work Credential and/or the Florida Soft Skills Credential. Both credentials are signed by the Governor and recognized as a common measure of readiness for most jobs, across industry sectors, by employers large and small. 
To earn an additional “hard skills” Florida Ready to Work Credential, students must pass three proctored, online assessments covering topics in applied math, reading, and locating information through the use of technology.
To earn the Florida Ready to Work Credential, students must pass three proctored, online assessments – applied math, reading for information and locating information.
To prepare students for internship and employment, the program also provides a new blended online and classroom-based curriculum targeting essential soft skills including:
Step 1: Complete the Florida Ready to Work Assessment Request
Step 2: You will receive an email with the login instructions.
Step 3: Go to My Florida Ready to Work and log in.
Step 4: Click on Soft Skills Training (middle option)
Step 5: Complete all 4 sections. Each section takes about 45 minutes each and includes a pretest, course, and posttest. You must receive an 80% or higher to pass the courseware training posttests
Step 6: To schedule a testing appointment, please use the button below
Schedule a Testing Appointment
Step 7: Take the test (about 47 questions) and receive credentials. You must receive an 70% or above to pass.
Step 8: Add your new credentials onto your resume, Handshake, and LinkedIn profiles
Step 9: Celebrate your accomplishment!!   
VIEW THE FLORIDA READY TO WORK FAQS
MDC WORKS Career Studio 
                        305-237-9675 (WORK)
mdcworks@mdc.edu

REGISTER TO TAKE YOUR TEST TO RECEIVE YOUR CREDENTIAL
FOR FACULTY
                    Schedule a classroom presentation or practice interviews for your students.
                
MDCWORKS@mdc.edu
305-237-9675 (WORK)

Instagram
                        

Linkedin
                        
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
