Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
8-Week, 12-Week, 14-Week, and 16-Week Classes Available, But Filling Quickly—Register Today!
Effective Fall 2022, MDC Online students will be responsible for ProctorU and remote testing fees. ProctorU exams begin at $22
The NEW MDC Online Orientation is open to all current and prospective students at any time! Don't wait - click here to self-enroll.
MDC offers credit courses and non-credit courses online. The Bachelor of Science and Applied Science, Associate in Arts, Associate in Science and College Credit Certificate are available fully online.
Current students
  Log in to Canvas
Step-by-step guidance on getting started.
Take an assessment to determine your online readiness.
Learn about the Myths and Realities of Online Learning
Proctored exam information.
MDC Online offers 5 College Credit Certificates that can be completed in one term. Through a combination of 8-week and 16-week term online courses, students can create a FAST TRACK schedule. The FAST TRACK CCC’s include: Small Business Operations, Small Business Specialist, Business Specialist Marketing, Business Management-Small Business Specialist and Homeland Security. Don’t forget-these College Credit Certificates will transfer into your AS degree!
Skip to footer
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
