Admissions and support information for international students
Students without sufficient English proficiency are required to take the MDC Placement Test are required to take an MDC approved English proficiency placement test (ACCUPLACER ESL) and be placed in designated English for Academic Purposes (EAP) courses. This includes students with foreign degrees earned from accredited institutions where the language of instruction is not English.
Students can be exempted from the English Language proficiency test by presenting TOEFL, IELTS, or PTE scores meeting MDC's EAP exemption requirements regardless of the test date. Other English proficiency examinations may also be used if the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR) level is B2 or higher. The Institutional Test Administrator (ITA) will process these exemptions on a case-by-case request basis. Refer to CEFR Equivalency Chart for Other English Proficiency Examinations.
Though it is not a requirement for admission, students who have taken the SAT or ACT and have earned the required scores to be exempt from placement testing should submit their official scores to Miami Dade College. For enrollment in college credit courses, the Postsecondary Education Readiness Test (PERT) and ACCUPLACER Next-Generation are administered at MDC.
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact the International Students Services Office on the campus to which you are applying, and they will be happy to assist you.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
