The overall goal of Artificial Intelligence for All is the development of Artificial Intelligence (AI) courses and an interdisciplinary certificate that will expose all college students to AI, while building capacity for the development of a four-year degree in applied AI.  This project aims to serve the national interest by increasing community colleges’ capacity to attract and train students in AI. 
The four-year grant will be implemented at MDC in collaboration with University of Florida’s Department of Engineering Education, Texas A&M University- Commerce's Department of Higher Education and Learning Technologies and the non-profit organization AI4ALL. The project will also count with the support from subject matter experts from companies like IBM, AWS, and Microsoft.
As part of this National Science Foundation (NSF) grant, the School of Engineering and Technology (EnTec) is working on the following areas:                    
Yeny Jimenez
                      Grant Project Manager, AI for ALL
                      School of Engineering, Technology and Design
                      Office: North Campus, Room 1245
                      Email: ynuneztr@mdc.edu
Full support for this  work was provided by the National Science Foundation Advanced Technological  Education (ATE) program under Award No. 2115153. Any opinions,  findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are  those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National  Science Foundation.
Learn about artificial intelligence to start or advance your career in this growing field.
Learn about our strategic partnerships and advisement from our community’s most forward-thinking engineering and technology professionals.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
