Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Enrollment in discipline classes is limited. Meeting the program requirements does not guarantee progression towards discipline classes. For this reason, the following criteria is used to determine which students will be selected. Students will be ranked according to the number of natural science and general education courses required for the program that have been successfully completed (see table below). Please note that there is no waiting list.
Final acceptance will be based on the submission of all required documents received at the mandatory program orientation session.
If you have previously attended any college or university other than Miami Dade College, you must arrange for that institution to send official transcripts to MDC’s Transcript Evaluation department located at the Kendall campus prior to the target date of May 1st for an August acceptance.
Students who have attended foreign colleges must submit original transcripts and a certified English translation before February 1st to the Registrar at the Medical Campus for evaluation. For details, please call 305-237-4141. Students who have attended a foreign allied health or nursing program should consult the Miami Dade College catalog for more information about how to have their transcripts, diplomas, and credentials evaluated for U.S. equivalency.
You may send or drop off your MDC application to any Admissions office located on any of the seven campuses of Miami Dade College. Applications for admission may also be filled out on line at http://www.mdc.edu (Note:   You have to be connected to the Internet to access this web site)
                       You must also send the following: 
Application fee (check or money order – no cash) 
                       Official high school transcript and official college transcripts (if available) to the Admissions/Registrar’s Office.
To be eligible for discipline classes in the Associate in Science Degree in Emergency Medical Services, all students must come to the Medical Campus and meet with a representative of the Emergency Medical Services Department.
The Medical Campus is located at: 
Miami Dade College, 
                       Medical Campus 
                       950 N.W. 20 Street
                       Room 2204
                       
                       Miami, FL 33127
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Step 1: Apply to MDC. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami Dade College application.
Step 2: Visit  Medical Campus Program Requirements web page to submit program application.
Step 3: Meet with a Medical Campus Advisor to discuss program  requirements and milestone checkpoints
Step 4: Visit Medical  Campus Program Requirements web page to request a  Milestone Review by the target deadline date.
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
