The School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies at Miami Dade College is a public safety and educational training center. In addition to offering criminal justice academic programs, the School  of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies provides training toward certification and licensing in various areas of public safety, including fire, police, corrections and private security.
Many dedicated men and women serve our community in distinguished and vitally important jobs in the criminal justice and fire science professions. We invite you to join us at the School  of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies, where tradition, excellence and innovation come together to provide an outstanding educational and training experience.
The mission of Miami Dade College’s School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies is to provide accessible, affordable and innovative education, training and assessment programs to produce highly qualified professionals for both the public and private sectors
Since 1971, Miami Dade College and the School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies have taken a leadership role in the development and preparation of public safety professionals. Expanding from its humble beginnings, the School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies now provides educational and training opportunities to more than 12,000 individuals annually in the following areas:
The School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies is one of the largest training centers in Florida and provides state certified training to private and public sector public safety professionals. We offer exceptional law enforcement and corrections academy training to qualified individuals. Trainees in both the law enforcement and corrections basic programs study:
Faculty and staff at Miami Dade College’s School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies have developed an academic approach that utilizes formal assessment tools to measure student success.  The following five program learning outcomes were adopted for the School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies’  academic programs:
Department Numbers, Driving Directions and help information is available on our contact page
Financial aid is provided on the basis of demonstrated need. Miami Dade College participates in all federally and state funded financial aid programs. Students may apply online or by mail. Application may be picked up from any MDC Financial Aid office. For more information, contact the Financial Aid office at 305-237-1058.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
