Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The A+ certification by CompTIA is the place to start if you’re interested in a career in computer repair. Unique as a vendor-neutral certification, the A+ demonstrates to employers that you have the technical, customer service, and communication skills needed to perform as a service technician. Miami Dade College can prepare you for the examination in just two courses.
You will learn from experienced instructors in state-of-the-art classrooms. Courses in this comprehensive program offer extensive hands-on learning opportunities. Upon completion of the program, you will be prepared for the CompTIA A+ examination, a certification that is required by many of the computer industry’s top employers. In addition to fundamental computer skills, you will learn how to install, configure, upgrade and replace computer system components; how to troubleshoot operating systems, laptops, portable devices, printers, scanners, network devices and security measures; and how to provide professional IT support and customer service. Course materials covers:

In addition to fundamental computer skills, you will learn how to install, configure, upgrade and replace computer system components; how to troubleshoot operating systems, laptops, portable devices, printers, scanners, network devices and security measures; and how to provide professional IT support and customer service. Graduates of this program may find employment in a number of areas such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
