Admissions and support information for international students
To apply for an F-1 visa, you must provide the U.S. Embassy or Consulate  with Form I-20, passport, original proof of funds, and any other documents they  may specify.
The U.S. visa tells you until what date you may enter the United States. The  expiration date of the visa has nothing to do with how long you may stay in the  U.S. That is determined by your I-20 and I-94. You need to renew the visa only  if you are traveling abroad after the visa expiration date, so that you may  again enter the U.S. 
                  Specific information on F-1 visa application at U.S. Embassies and Consulates  is available at the travel.state.gov website.
                  Location of U.S. embassies and consulates is available at the following  address:  www.usembassy.gov
You  will need to have the following documents to enter the U.S. in F-1 status:
If you decide  to enter on a B-2 tourist visa and change your status while in the U.S., please  consult with the ISS office at your home campus to find out the details of this  transaction, and please keep in mind that this process will most likely take  about 4 to 6 months.
                You cannot  enter the U.S. on a visa waiver and change F-1 status after your arrival.  Persons who enter the U.S. on a visa waiver are not eligible for change of  status in the U.S. 
The Certificate of Eligibility (Form I-20) will  be provided to each admitted student following completion of all admissions  requirements. This document is taken to a United States Embassy or Consulate to  obtain an F-1 visa to enter the United States as a student (Canadian and  Bermudan citizens are excluded from this requirement). Documentary evidence of  financial resources, SEVIS I-901 fee payment receipt, valid passport, and proof  of ties to home country must also be presented at your appointment at the US  Embassy/Consulate.                
The U.S. Department of Homeland  Security requires F-1 visa applicants to pay a one-time fee to supplement the  administration and maintenance costs of the Student and Exchange Information  System (SEVIS). For information on who is subject to the SEVIS fee requirement  and for SEVIS fee payment options, F-1 visa applicants should read SEVIS Fee Payment  Options for F-1 Students.
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
If you have any questions, do not hesitate to contact the International Students Services Office on the campus to which you are applying, and they will be happy to assist you.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
