Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Enterprise Cloud  Computing Credit Certificate program is designed to provide an opportunity to  establish a foundation in architect scalable, highly available application  solutions that leverage cloud computing services. Utilizing best practices  focusing on cloud security, cost and reliability, graduates of the CCC in  Enterprise Cloud Computing will utilize core design patterns and infrastructure  expertise to implement solutions to deploy and maintain workloads and  applications. 
This certificate program requires fewer credits than an A.S. degree and functions as an entry-level credential when entering the workforce. College credits granted with this certificate apply toward a related A.S. degree. Students may stack credentials to advance toward a higher degree level. 
Developed to align with industry needs, the enterprise cloud computing curriculum prepares students to earn not only an academic credential, but also recognized industry certificates such as the AWS – Solutions Architect Certificate, which will prepare students to work as computer systems analysts – technicians that assist organizations that are transitioning their systems to cloud computing.      
Areas of Study: 

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
