A Program of the Miami  Hospitality Center 
MDC Works
MDC Works is a next generation career studio is a professional development resource giving Miami Dade College students the skills they need to successfully launch their careers and create meaningful futures.  One-on-one coaching assistance is provided in resume writing, interview preparation, and networking.  Job fairs, internship opportunities, and career exploration workshops are offered.  Employer Services support companies in finding the perfect candidate by offering a variety of solutions to make the recruiting process as simple and seamless as possible.
Miami Dade Public Library System
                    Miami Dade Public Libraries offer numerous free courses and trainings. Click on the “Explore” link in the main menu or go to your neighborhood library to find out more.
CareerSource South Florida 
                    CareerSource South Florida offers advice and assistance for job seekers.  Visit the website to find valuable information and for a list of locations.
Goodwill Industries South Florida 
                    Goodwill Industries of South Florida is a non-profit organization dedicated to training, employing and placing people with disabilities and special needs in community jobs in order to transition to independence. 
Easter Seals South Florida
The mission of Easter Seals South Florida is to provide exceptional services to children and adults with disabilities or special needs and their families.  
Human Services Coalition
HSC works through a network of partner organizations, linking people with financial education, healthcare information, public benefits and educational and economic opportunities. 
Hospitality Management Program                      
              In the Hospitality Management program, you can acquire a  practical and theoretical foundation for the skills and leadership in the  exciting fields of hotel operations, food and beverage, cruise lines,  event/convention planning.  Students can earn a two-year Associate in Arts  degree or Associate in Science degree - or go on to complete a four-year  Bachelor of Applied Science Degree in Supervision and Management with a  hospitality concentration right here at Miami Dade College.
College Credit Certificates are offered in Rooms  Division, Food and Beverage Management and Cruise Line Operations.  You  can earn a certificate with as few as four courses, and those courses earn  credits that can later be applied towards a degree.
Specifically designed for working professionals with  input from industry advisors, Food & Beverage Specialist and Rooms Division  Specialist College Credit Certificates are now offered in an accelerated and  flexible online format in our online Competency Based Education (CBE) Programs.
For more information visit an Academic Advisor at Miami  Dade College, Wolfson Campus, Building 3 – Floor 7.
Miami Culinary Institute
Our curriculum is designed to prepare our students with real-world knowledge and expectations. Through a focused infusion of green-sustainable food and energy technologies, nutrition and culinary knowledge, our goal is to create professionals who will evolve the world's food culture and, in doing so, provide a happier, healthier population and planet. 
Adult Education - Non-Credit
Community Education's mission is to make the College more accessible to the public and to meet community needs not served by traditional college programs.  We offer non-credit courses for individuals who want to enrich their cultural experiences or improve their professional or occupational skills. 
GED Preparation
Do you have your mind set on obtaining your high school diploma but are worried about the GED exam?  Let MDC's GED Preparation Program help you with your dream. Enrolling is easy, and there are no tuition costs associated with this program.  Our courses will help you get ready for that exam, and our advisors will show you what opportunities await you after receiving your diploma.
Students needing financial assistance have several resources.  You can start by learning about the following:
Miami Dade College Financial Aid Office
The Student Financial Assistance Program's mission supports the College's mission of putting the needs of students at the forefront of our decision making process. In accomplishing this mission, the Financial Aid and Scholarship Program personnel will assist students in securing the funds necessary to pursue their educational goals at Miami Dade College.  We are committed to providing quality service, reliable consumer information and access to information on a large variety of higher education funding sources. In addition, we are committed to working with the community by providing financial aid workshops, information, and consultation to students, parents, high school counselors, and the general public.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
