The risk of motor vehicle crashes is higher among teens ages 16–19 than among any other age group. Teen drivers in this age group have a fatal crash rate almost three times as high as drivers ages 20 and older per mile driven.
About 2,800 teens in the United States ages 13–19 were killed and about 227,000 were injured in motor vehicle crashes in 2020. That means that every day, about eight teens died due to motor vehicle crashes, and hundreds more were injured. Motor vehicle crash deaths among teens 13–19 years of age resulted in about $40.7 billion in medical costs and cost estimates for lives lost in 2020.
Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Injury Prevention and Control
The Advanced Safety Driving Program is a two-part program designed for participants to gain advanced skills and techniques to assist with real world driving situations and to avoid being in dangerous driving situations.
The Advanced Safety Driving Program consist of two (2) parts:
Objective: Prepare drivers through classroom instruction to help mitigate and prevent motor vehicle related incidents.
The students will learn:
Location: Miami Dade College North Campus- Driving Range, Adjacent to Building 9
Objective: Prepare drivers through practical experience instruction to help mitigate and prevent motor vehicle related incidents. The students will learn:
To pass the workshop successfully, students must demonstrate proficiency checks in the categories listed above.
The Dori Slosberg Foundation is a non-governmental, non-profit, public service organization dedicated to traffic and road safety.  Learn more 
 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
