Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q. What is a Medical Assistant?
A. Medical assistants perform administrative and clinical tasks to keep the offices of physicians, podiatrists, chiropractors, and other health practitioners running smoothly. The duties of medical assistants vary from office to office, depending on the location and size of the practice and the practitioner's specialty. In small practices, medical assistants usually do many different kinds of tasks, handling both administrative and clinical duties and reporting directly to an office manager, physician, or other health practitioner. Those in large practices tend to specialize in a particular area, under the supervision of department administrators. Medical assistants should not be confused with physician assistants, who examine, diagnose, and treat patients under the direct supervision of a physician.

Q. When does the program start and what is the target review date for the program?
A. The program begins every August, January, and May.  Requests for milestone reviews can be made year-round.

Q. What are the program requirements?
A.  To be eligible for the Medical Assisting program you must be a current student at Miami Dade College and submit a milestone review at the Program Requirements page. 

Q. What are the selection criteria?
A.  Enrollment in the program is limited. Meeting the program requirements does not progression to discipline courses.  
  For this reason, following criteria are used to determine which students will progress:  

Q. Can I request a milestone review if I have not completed all of the general education and science courses?
        A. Applicants must have a high school diploma or G.E.D.  There are no required general education or science courses.

 


Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. Upon completion of the program you will receive a Career Technical Certificate.

Q. What are the hours of the program?
A. This is a daytime program with courses offered on the Medical Campus.  Classes usually begin between 8:00am and 5:00pm

Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
A. This program is highly demanding, and students are therefore more successful if they do not work while in the program. If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week. Students should also consider family responsibilities before committing to a full-time accelerated program.

Q. Do I need to take a test to work in this profession after graduation?
A.  A state exam or license is not required to work in the profession.  However, since certification increases employment opportunities, we encourage students to sit for certification as soon as possible.  Graduates from this program can sit for credentialing exams offered by the American Medical Technologist.

Q. What is the approximate annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. In the South Florida area, entry-level graduates may expect to earn an annual salary of $25,000 - $41,000.00.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
