Recruitment Services visits schools and community organizations in order to inform potential students about the Kendall Campus and all of our programs and facilities. We also host a variety of events including field trips, Open House, Fast Track Sharks, Orientation, Career Workshops, and more.
Welcome to Miami Dade College, Kendall Campus! Maite Padron, the Director of Student Recruitment at the Kendall Campus looks forward to welcoming you to our campus. Ms. Padron brings wealth of knowledge with her from her more than twenty years’ experience in the K-12 sector where she was both a teacher and administrator. She holds a bachelor’s degree in education and a master’s degree in Higher Education Administration. She has been at the college over six years most of those in the Recruitment department. Her goal is to help you achieve your own academic goals and to see you walk across the stage.
We are here to guide our students every step of the way from how to apply, register and seek financial aid. Students are FIRST at MDC Kendall Campus!
 
Dual Enrollment is a program that allows eligible high school students currently attending accredited Miami-Dade County public or private high schools, or home schools to simultaneously enroll in a college course or courses. The credits that students earn must be used towards both a high school graduation and are acceptable towards an Associate, Baccalaureate Degree or Technical Certificate.
 
Fast Track Sharks is a unique program offered during the Summer B Term at the Kendall Campus of Miami Dade College. Fast Track Sharks is designed to help incoming college freshman transition to college by providing a strong academic foundation, individualized advisement, and a supportive learning environment.   Selected high school seniors are accepted into the program based on their completion of program eligibility requirements.
Get an Early Start on Your College Education! The Rising Scholars Program provides free tuition for up to two years, plus academic and co-curricular experiences to equip students with the knowledge, resources, and skills for success.
The Presidential Scholars Program offers scholarships to high school students based on academic achievement. The awards cover tuition and fees, plus a stipend for living expenses. In addition, scholars will receive a range of customized services and opportunities including concierge care with assigned advisors and specialized support in areas such as program orientation, learning resources, career tracks, student life, community involvement, financial coaching, and more. Recipients will also have the opportunity to meet with the College President each term and join top industry leaders at roundtables and community events
Recruitment ServicesMiami Dade College Kendall Campus11011 SW 104 StreetRoom R101Miami, FL 33176krecruitment@mdc.edu
Phone: 305-237-2800
Hours of OperationMonday - Thursday8 a.m. - 7 p.m. Friday8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
The resources below will help you during your college admissions process:
