Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
Plagiarizing (including self-plagiarizing) constitutes academic dishonesty, which students do when they submit others' ideas or work as their own. It may be very tempting to use information found in the internet in course assignments; but unless your sources are fully and accurately disclosed, this is plagiarism. Many faculty use Turnitin to determine whether or not their students' work is original. Plagiarized work will most likely result in a "0" for the assignment.
Turnitin is the global leader in evaluating and improving student learning. The company provides service for originality checking, online grading and peer review. This tool provides rich feedback to students by facilitating personalized information from their instructors.
Get started now by viewing this instructional video that includes information on creating an account, submitting assignments, and reviewing originality reports and instructor feedback.
 Login to Canvas
 Live Chat Support
The Student Support Center can help resolve technical issues and answer questions about current and future courses and semesters. Current and prospective students can submit a ticket by emailing online@mdc.edu and will receive a response from the Student Support team.
For more information and assistance, please contact our Student Support Center:
Phone:305-237-3800
Email Us:online@mdc.edu
Schedule an Appointment:
Set up an appointment to meet with an MDC Online Student Support Team Member
Hours:
			Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET
			Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
