
We in Campus Administration cordially welcome you to the North Campus. The North Campus first opened its doors in 1960. The campus is comprised of 19 buildings and other facilities, among them a driving range, baseball and softball fields, and a Preschool Lab building. Also serviced by this office is the North Campus outreach center, the Carrie P. meek Entrepreneurial Educational Center.
The Campus has embarked on a comprehensive renovation of the School of Justice Training Center and will be adding an Artificial Intelligence lab to the existing facilities.
The office of Campus Administration is committed and dedicated to quality service to our faculty, staff and students by providing the necessary resources to accomplish your educational goals in a clean, safe and friendly environment. We hope you will find valuable information pertaining to our various departments, administrative functions, forms and contact information. We welcome any comments and/or suggestions that would improve our operations. Please feel free to contact us by phone, e-mail or by visiting our office in room 1315
The Aquatic and Fitness Center is responsible for offering a safe fitness and educational environment to our North Campus students, employees, and outside groups that want to develop and maintain a healthy lifestyle.  The fitness center caters to students, employees and the Police academy by offering well-maintained fitness machines, a safe environment for improving their physical fitness.  The fitness/dance studio hosts credit dance classes and free fitness and yoga classes offered to members.
Visit the Aquatic and Fitness Center Website
This area is responsible for the planning aspect of all facilities related activities. These responsibilities include developing educational specifications, maintaining the Campus priority lists for new construction, remodeling and renovation projects.
Visit the Campus Facilities Planning Website
The mission of the Campus Support Services department is to support the campus by providing a safe, clean and attractive environment for students, faculty, administrators and staff.
Visit the Campus Support Services Website
The Office of Campus Administration oversees Facilities Rental & Room Reservation for use of all athletic facilities, conference rooms, the William & Joan Lehman Theater, the Studio Theater and other facilities on the Campus for various events by external and internal groups.
Visit the Facilities Rental/Room Reservation Website
The Senior Director of Campus Administration serves as the fiscal administrator for the campus.
Visit the Fiscal Management Website
The functions of the Department of Public Safety include, but are not limited to, crime prevention through active campus involvement, individual interactions and public educational endeavors. We achieve these objectives through preventative patrols, service to students, staff and visitors in emergencies and during special events. We offer crime prevention programs that are useful in the protection of property and contribute to the physical well-being of the campus community. We invite you to become familiar with our services and learn what we are doing to make your stay at the North Campus, a safer and more enjoyable experience.
Visit the Public Safety Website
Campus Administration Office
Miami Dade College North Campus  11380 NW 27th Avenue  Suite 1315  Miami, FL 33167 
Hours of Operation
Monday - Thursday  8 a.m. - 5 p.m  Friday   8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m
Phone: (305) 237-1141  Fax: (305) 237-8031  E-Mail: NorthAdministrativeServices@mdc.edu
View online forms for Campus Administration
