Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
Accelerated online courses are “condensed” courses that are shorter in length than regular semester long courses. Accelerated courses in the Bachelor’s Programs are 8 and 12 weeks long. Typically, you will enroll in two courses during the first 8 weeks and two courses in the second eight weeks for the fall and spring terms.  In the summer term, your online courses will be 12 weeks in length. There are no upper division online courses offered in the two 6 week sessions during the summer (Summer A and Summer B).
It is important to note that the amount of coursework covered in accelerated courses is the same as that found in the semester long courses. Since accelerated courses contain the same learning outcomes and the same amount of coursework as the semester courses, that means that students expected to complete the same amount of coursework in half the time.
If you take accelerated courses five times a year, you’ve equaled a typical year of courses taken in a traditional year (10 courses), while only having to concentrate on two courses at a time.

                    	Before enrolling in accelerated courses, take a moment to consider whether this type of online education is appropriate for you. To help you decide if accelerated online degree programs are right for you, we have compiled a checklist of advice and warnings gathered from online students and research.
                    

                    Consider these factors:
					
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
For more information and assistance, please contact:
MDC OnlineStudent Support Center
Phone:305-237-3800
Email Us:online@mdc.edu
Book  an Appointment (online, phone, in-person)
	Wolfson Campus
		300 NE 2 Avenue, Suite 7148
		Miami, FL 33132
Hours:
	Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET 
  Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET 
Wolfson Campus
		300 NE 2 Avenue, Suite 7148
		Miami, FL 33132


Search statewide for distance learning courses and degree programs offered by Florida's Colleges and Universities or regionally through SREB.
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
