 
The MDC Kendall Campus Dance program is a two-year dance  curriculum that prepares students to transfer into a four-year institute.  Participants develop technical, and academics skills needed for a successful  dance career. Students participate in the rigor of formal dance training with a  flexible curriculum that culminates in an Associate of Arts Degree  (A.A.).

              A highly qualified faculty guide students through a wide range  of dance forms and concepts that include Contemporary Ballet, Traditional and  Contemporary Modern dance, Hip-hop, Dances of the African Diaspora, Dance  Composition, Intermedia, Dance History and Arts Administration. Dance training  is reinforced through performance studies, somatic body work, dance making,  workshops, master classes, and lecture presentations.  Participants in the  program have an opportunity to work with professional choreographers, dance  companies, and other arts organizations that augment skills, enhance  development, and engage fundamental working knowledge of dance. 
Affiliated Institutions:
 
Jubilation Dance Ensemble (JBE) is a pre-professional college dance company that performs various genres of dance such as Contemporary Modern, Ballet, Hip-hop, West African, Afro-Cuban and other African Diasporic dance forms. Participates train in diverse styles of dance, present and engage in master classes, workshops, lectures, and panel discussions. Company members collaborate, produce, direct, and explore dance from an experiential, performative, administrative, and theoretical perspective. The company takes part in dance festivals, conferences, and various academic events throughout the country. Audition is required
For more information about MDC Kendall Dance Program and/or Jubilation Dance Ensemble please contact, Michelle Grant-Murray, Coordinator of Dance, mgrantmu@mdc.edu or 305-237-2638.

 
Register for the conference now!

The dance program curriculum includes a variety of courses that cover training, performance, repertory, and dance history. 
Michelle Grant-Murray,  
              Program Coordinator
mgrantmu@mdc.edu 
305-237-2638 or 

305-237-2282 (Music Office) 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
