Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
You can graduate with a Career Technical Certificate in Massage Therapy under any of these three options. Choose from the course sequences below.
PROGRAM CODE: 53021// TOTAL CREDITS: 25
The generic option of the massage therapy program is an entry-level program designed for students without experience in the field or credentials in another health care profession, who are looking to learn and practice the art and science of massage therapy.  
The two-semester massage therapy program prepares individuals on the basic techniques of Swedish massage, deep tissue, sports massage, and the understanding of pathologies and how massage therapy intervention assist the healing process. Besides hydrotherapy modalities, students will also learn and practice neuromuscular therapy, myofascial release, stretching and ROM, PNF, AIS, and basic concepts of Chinese medicine and Ayurveda. 
PROGRAM CODE: 53023// TOTAL CREDITS: 17
The transitional option of the massage therapy program is design for licensed health professionals and/or registered or practical nurses, who are looking to learn and practice the art and science of massage therapy.

The two-semester massage therapy program prepares individuals on the basic techniques of Swedish massage, deep tissue, sports massage, and the understanding of pathologies and how massage therapy intervention assist the healing process. Besides hydrotherapy modalities, students will also learn and practice neuromuscular therapy, myofascial release, stretching and ROM, PNF, AIS, and basic concepts of Chinese medicine and Ayurveda.

PROGRAM CODE: 53022 // TOTAL CREDITS: 11.5
The accelerated option of the massage therapy program is designed for students who are graduates of an accredited college degree program for Physical Therapist Assistant or Physical Therapy, who are looking to learn and practice the art and science of massage therapy.

The one-semester massage therapy program prepares individuals on the basic techniques of Swedish massage, deep tissue, sports massage, and the understanding of pathologies and how massage therapy intervention assist the healing process. Besides hydrotherapy modalities, students will also learn and practice neuromuscular therapy, myofascial release, stretching and ROM, PNF, AIS, and basic concepts of Chinese medicine and Ayurveda.

This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
