Receive both high school and college credits for completed courses.
Offering high school and technical college students a head start on college and careers
Breaking news: MDC to open tech-focused high school on campus!
A college education is the key to economic mobility. This full scholarship is available to high-performing graduating high school students. 
An MDC award that covers the in-state portion of tuition for two years of courses for all Miami Dade high school graduates who qualify. 
This groundbreaking scholarship program promotes academic excellence and equity, providing financial assistance and a wide range of support services.
Get an early start to your college education by enrolling in the summer term following high school graduation. You can earn up to 6 credits at no cost!
View all scholarships
We've created a website especially for your high school! Go there to find useful information on a number of topics customized just for you. 
Join a select group of students who are guided by dedicated faculty and directors to develop their highest potential as scholars, professionals and citizens of the world.
Learn more
SAS is a nationally recognized collegiate high school of excellence. Students complete their last two years of high school while attending MDC. The opportunity for acceleration and enrichment attracts motivated and academically talented students. SAS takes pride in its family-like environment, small school setting, and focus on a quality education.
NWSA is Florida's premier center of excellence in the visual and performing arts. NWSA offers a solid artistic program headed by some of the finest award winning faculty members recognized world wide. Our programs are cutting-edge, stimulating and rich with the ethnic and cultural diversity that represents artistic trends globally.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
