 Miami Dade College, Kendall Campus
Editor-in-Chief, Megan Carrion
Click the cover to view current issue. 
View Volume 33
 Miambiance's mission is to support creative talents by providing a learning environment in which student writers can polish their work for publication and learn the basics of editing, designing, illustrating, and other aspects of publishing. Miambiance accepts submissions of poetry, fiction, non-fiction, photography, illustration, spoken word poetry, and music from Miami Dade College students who are currently enrolled in any course at the Kendall Campus. 
 Miambiance is an award-winning literature and arts magazine, published once a year by the English and Communications Department. All works in the magazine are created, designed, and edited solely by students. The decision about works selected for publication is made by a panel of students for each category. 



 Thank you for your interest in being a part of Miami Dade College's award-winning magazine! Though we are very excited for your desire to share your work with us, we need to get some legal stuff out of the way first. In order to submit your work for consideration in Volume 35 (2025), please submit by the September 30, 2024 deadline. Download, review,  and complete the appropriate consent form; then, send the form over to us via email, miambiance@gmail.com. One of our friendly staff will contact you as soon as possible.
We have extended the deadline for submissions to Vol. 34 (2024) until midnight October 8, 2023.             

View past awards
Megan Carrion
Diego Franco,  Gabriela Palacios, 
            Sophia Chebli, Hector Zumbado, Ana Perozo,  and Isabella Villa Urrego
            
View Past Editors and Advisers
 Phone: 305-237-2284 Email: miambiance@gmail.com  Please call or email for appointments. 
 Make the most out of your trip and plan ahead. Get parking Information and more. 
 Become part of the creative and editing process and follow up with our events by registering at https://sharknet.mdc.edu/organization/MiambianceKendallCampus 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
