Professional cybersecurity training for organizations and individuals


Industry certification courses prepare you for some of the most widely-recognized certification exams. Passing a certification exam earns you a valuable credential, demonstrates that you have the skills and knowledge needed to be successful, and can help advance your career since they are valued by many employers.
You can prepare for industry certification exams through non-credit classes or as part of a degree program. See below for more information about the classes offered.
Course teaches the fundamentals of cybersecurity while preparing students for the CompTIA Security+ certification exam. Course topics include cyberattack types, security tools and techniques, network security architecture, and basics of cryptography. Course also provides exposure to the state-of-the-art Cyber Range for demonstration purposes.
Learn more about Security+. 
Course focuses on the techniques and strategies utilized for ethical hacking/penetration testing while preparing students for the EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) exam. Course helps students understand how to better asses system vulnerabilities, design more secure network environments, and utilize a number of security tools. Course also provides the opportunity to use the state-of-the-art Cyber Range to gain additional hands-on experience.
Learn more about Certified Ethical Hacker. 
Course prepares students for the Microsoft SC-900 certification exam. Course focuses on the fundamentals of security, compliance, and identity and access management across Microsoft products and services including Microsoft Azure and Microsoft 365.
Course is being offered for free for a limited time!
Learn more about Microsoft SC-900 and how you can take this course for free.
Learn more about how you can earn industry certifications through degree programs.
View list of classes
Miami Dade College – Wolfson CampusBuilding 2, Room 2103-06300 NE Second Ave.Miami, FL 33132(305) 237-3626cybersecuritycenter@mdc.edu
