Personal safety and security is everyone's responsibility. Please review these policy statements and bookmark our website for future reference. Staying informed is the first the step to ensure that our campus facilities will be as safe and secure as possible for all to use and enjoy.
All personal safety and security issues for Miami Dade College are coordinated between the eight Campus Public Safety Departments which are the responsibility of the Campus Deans or Directors of Administrative Affairs. All college-wide emergency management issues are the responsibility of Director of Emergency Preparedness under the supervision of the College Provost.
The annual disclosure of campus crime statistics is prepared by the Miami Dade College Campus Public Safety Departments in conjunction with the Offices of Student Affairs and Student Life, the Director of Emergency Preparedness and the local police departments that serve and protect our campuses. The required three years of crime statistics and full text of the annual disclosure are located on our Crime Statistics overview page. Each year, e-mail notifications are made to all current students and employees that provide the link to access the crime statistics and annual disclosure. Copies of this report may also be obtained upon request at any Campus Public Safety Department.
Each campus has uniformed Public Safety personnel on duty 24 hours per day, seven days per week. To report a crime or an emergency, contact the appropriate Campus Public Safety Department by phone or in person at the offices listed below. You may also report criminal actions and emergencies to any uniformed Miami Dade College Public Safety Officer or use any of the emergency telephones located throughout the campuses and in all elevators. For all major life threatening emergencies, please call 911 and the appropriate Campus Public Safety Department.
Carrie P. Meek Entrepreneurial Education Center 6300 NW Seventh Ave., Room 1101 Miami, FL 33150 305-237-1910
Hialeah Campus Public Safety 1780 West 49th street, Room 1108 Hialeah, Fl 33012 305-237-8701
Homestead Campus Public Safety 500 College Terrace, Room D114 Homestead. FL 33030 305-237-5100
Padrón Campus Public Safety 627 SW 27th Ave, Room 1123 Miami, Fl 33135 305-237-6100
Kendall Campus Public Safety 11011 SW 104th Avenue, Room 5118 Miami, FL 33176 305-237-2100
Medical Campus Public Safety 950 NW 20th Street, Room 1153 Miami, FL 33127 305-237-4100
North Campus Public Safety 11380 NW 27th Avenue, Room 1177 Miami, FL 33167 305-237-1100
West Campus Public Safety 3800 NW 115th Avenue, Room 1101 Miami, Florida 33178 305-237-8100
Wolfson Campus Public Safety 300 NE 2nd Avenue, Room 1140 Miami, Florida 33132 305-237-3100
Each campus Chief of Public Safety reviews all violations of law reported to their Campus Public Safety Department and Officers. Each of the Campus Public Safety Chiefs works with local police in the reporting, investigation and prevention of violations of the law which may occur on College property.
Campus student newspapers provide announcements and news stories regarding safety and security issues and concerns, including those related to Clery Act crimes. Each campus administration submits announcements and notices to student newspapers and to student and employee email address concerning safety and security matters when deemed appropriate. The Campus Public Safety Departments also have the capability to post Timely Warnings.
Yes. Miami Dade College is an open college serving not only students but also the general public. Many of our facilities and services are available for public use throughout the week during normal operating hours, which may vary slightly y campus, but are generally 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m. Monday through Friday
Miami Dade College Campus Public Safety patrol officers do not have the powers of arrest, but are responsible for all criminal incidents and accidents occurring on a College campus. Campus Public Safety patrol officers are not armed and are forbidden to use force in any situation except in self-defense. Campus Public Safety personnel are authorized to request unidentified persons to identify themselves while on College property.
Each Campus Public Safety Department maintains a cooperative relationship with all local, state and federal public safety agencies. Support from local law enforcement agencies may be summoned by Campus Public Safety for incidents outside their authority or capability to handle. Campuses may also employ off–duty local police officers to support their Campus Public Safety Department during normal operating hours, for special events, or when deemed appropriate. Sworn police officers from the following local law enforcement agencies have arrest powers at the appropriate Miami Dade College Campuses:
Safety and security procedures and practices are addressed at orientation programs for new students and employees. Significant changes to College policies or procedures relating to safety and security will be provided in College publications for distribution by campuses to students and employees. The Miami Dade College Public Safety & Emergency Preparedness website includes written guidelines and videos of what to do during certain emergency scenarios. The written guidelines and videos are located at our in case of emergency section of the website.
Most emergency incidents on campus are going to be identified by students, faculty, staff or visitors. If students, faculty, staff, or visitors are involved in or witness a life-threatening emergency, it is essential for them to immediately call 911 and the appropriate Campus Public Safety Department. This notification is the first step in the activation of College Procedure 1590 and the Comprehensive Emergency Management Plan. College Procedure 1590 outline the College's major emergency notification process and the positions who are responsible for its implementation.
If there is an emergency or that poses an immediate threat to the health or safety of some or all members of the Miami Dade College community, the appropriate Campus officials along with the Directors of Emergency Preparedness and Communications will collaborate to determine the content of an emergency notification message and the appropriate delivery method. MDC combines all of its emergency notification methods into a single system concept called MDC ALERTS. Regardless of which notification methods are utilized, to the recipient, all emergency notification and warning messages come from MDC ALERTS. The MDC ALERTS emergency notification system consists of the following delivery methods:
Miami Dade College will use one or more of the methods described above to communicate the threat to the College community or to the appropriate segment of the community, if the threat is limited to a particular building or segment of the population. Miami Dade College will, without delay and taking into account the safety of the community, determine the content of the notification and initiate MDC ALERTS, unless issuing a notification will, in the judgment of the first responders (including, but not limited to: Miami Dade County Police Department, Miami Dade Fire Rescue, City of Miami Police Department, City of Miami Fire Rescue. City of Hialeah Police Department, City of Hialeah Fire Rescue, City of Homestead Police Department, City of Doral Police Department), compromise the efforts to assist a victim or to contain, respond to, or otherwise mitigate the emergency.
The following individuals are trained and authorized to activate the campus siren and public address MDC ALERTS delivery methods during a life-threatening major emergency. As practical and without jeopardizing life safety, the Campus Public Safety Chief is the primary person responsible for activating campus siren and public address MDC ALERTS delivery methods during a life threatening major emergency. If he/she is not available or capable of activating the system, proceed down the list to the next available individual:
As practical and without jeopardizing life safety, the following individuals shall be consulted prior to the dissemination of a siren and public address MDC ALERTS message. If the preceding individual is not available or not feasible, proceed down the list to the next available individual:
The following individuals are trained and authorized to activate all other MDC ALERTS delivery methods during a life-threatening major emergency. As practical and without jeopardizing life safety, the Director of Communications is the primary person responsible for activating all other MDC ALERTS delivery methods during a life threatening major emergency. If he/she is not available or capable of activating the system, proceed down the list to the next available individual:
As practical and without jeopardizing life safety, the following individuals shall be consulted prior to dissemination of am MDC ALERTS message using any method other than siren and public address. If the preceding individual is not available or not feasible, proceed down the list to the next available individual:
An evacuation drill will be conducted at least once a year for all buildings that are occupied by students and/or employees. Each Campus Public Safety Office will be responsible for scheduling and conducting these drills in coordination with the Deans of Administrative, Student, and Academic Affairs. Emergency response and evacuation procedures will be tested and evaluated during these drills. The purpose of evacuation drills is to prepare building occupants for an organized evacuation in case of fire or other emergency. During the drills, occupants will practice protective actions and familiarize themselves with the locations of exists, the different MDC ALERTS notification methods and other emergency response resources. In addition to educating the occupants and training college employees with emergency responsibilities during the drills, the process will also provide the College opportunities to test the operation of the different MDC ALERTS notification methods.
Miami Dade College also participates and conducts exercises with federal, state and local emergency response agencies in South Florida. The Director of Emergency Preparedness is responsible for coordinating these efforts via the Miami-Dade County Department of Emergency Management and the Southeast Regional Domestic Security Task Force. Miami Dade College participates or conducts at least one exercise per calendar year with federal, state and local emergency response agencies in South Florida to test and evaluate the College's Comprehensive Emergency Management Plan.
Yes. Miami Dade College conducts a Campus Safety Week awareness campaign for students and employees at each campus every year in September. The Campus Public Safety Departments also offer crime prevention programs as part of their Campus Crime Watch.
In instances where there has been a commission of a crime relating to an off campus activity involving students, the College will consider its responsibilities in these incidents on an individual basis.
Possession of alcohol by persons under the age of 21 years is prohibited under Florida law. Violations of underage drinking laws will be enforced by law enforcement agencies of the State of Florida. A College employee or student under the influence of alcohol is not to report to work or school.
College Procedure 4025 prohibits alcoholic beverages at student sponsored functions on Miami Dade College campuses. Violation of College Procedure 4025 regarding alcoholic beverages by students may result in disciplinary proceedings in accordance with College Procedure 4030.
College Policy II-86 establishes a Drug & Alcohol Free Workplace. Employees violating College Procedure 2400 regarding alcohol consumption on campus may be subject to summary dismissal in accordance with College Procedure 2410. Any employee suspected of illegally distributing or selling drugs or alcohol in any College facility must be immediately reported to the appropriate Campus Public Safety Department.
The use of illegal drugs and the misuse of prescription and other drugs pose a serious threat to the physical and mental well-being of the students, faculty and staff at the College. A College employee or student under the influence of an illegal drug is not to report to work or school. The possession and use of controlled substances by members of the Miami Dade College community must at all times be in accordance with applicable federal, state and local law, the rules of the Florida Board of Education, and the policies and procedures of Miami Dade College. Under Florida law, no person may possess, sell or deliver substances regulated under the provisions of Chapter 893, Fla. Statute (controlled substances) unless dispensed and used pursuant to prescription or otherwise authorized by law.
Students at the College who possess, use, or deliver controlled substances not dispensed and used pursuant to prescription are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including expulsion from the College. Disciplinary action against a student under College Policy does not preclude the possibility of criminal action against that individual. The filing of criminal charges similarly does not preclude action by the College. Please refer to College Procedure 4025 and College Procedure 4030 for more information.
College Policy II-86 establishes a Drug & Alcohol Free Workplace. Employees violating College Procedure 2400 regarding the possession or use of illegal drugs on campus may be subject to summary dismissal in accordance with College Procedure 2410. Any employee suspected of illegally distributing or selling drugs or alcohol in any College facility must be immediately reported to the appropriate Campus Public Safety Department.
Miami Dade College has established a Drug Free Campus Program brochure that describes the College's policy regarding the possession, use, and sale of illegal drugs and alcohol, and provides information on drug and alcohol abuse counseling programs. Referral and counseling services are available to students and employees of the College. Students and employees interested in such services should contact the Student Deans Office or Human Resources offices at their campus for more information.
The College will make available and distribute to its students and employees, information on sexual assault awareness and prevention. In addition, the College will distribute a series of posters designed to educate its students and employees about sexual assault awareness and prevention. This material will be posted in buildings across the campuses and will be updated periodically. Programs and seminars designed to provide sexual assault awareness and prevention information to the students, employees, parents and friends will also be offered from time to time at locations to be designated by College personnel.
Procedures to follow when a sex offense occurs. In the event you have been sexually assaulted, follow these steps:
In the case of on-campus disciplinary action regarding an alleged assault, the accuser and the accused are entitled to the same opportunities to have others present during a campus disciplinary proceeding. Both the accuser and the accused will be informed of the outcome of any campus disciplinary proceedings brought alleging a sexual assault. Please refer to the Students' Rights and Responsibilities and Employee handbooks for more information.
Please refer to the Students' Rights and Responsibilities and Employee handbooks for more information.
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement allows interested parties to search their database of sexual offenders and predators. This database may be used to search sexual offenders and predators by name, address, city, county, or zip code.
