Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Building upon MDC's rich history as the largest institution of higher education in the United States and one of the most highly regarded colleges in the nation, Miami Culinary Institute is a recipe for culinary excellence in the 21st century. 
Mixing a blend of classic skills and innovative techniques used by the world's best chefs, Miami Culinary Institute' Culinary Arts Management Associate in Science offers an educational experience that is at the forefront of the industry. Students are provided with the latest in technology and equipment that allows them to engage with a curriculum that is designed to prepare them with real-world knowledge and expectations. Through a focused infusion of green-sustainable food and energy technologies, nutrition and culinary knowledge, MCI's goal is to create professionals who will evolve the world's food culture and, in doing so, provide a happier, healthier population and planet.
In addition to winning several awards of distinction, MCI is notable for providing students with ongoing singular experiences such as hosting the most decorated chef in the world, Feran Adria, for two years in a row. Students have also been given the opportunity to work with chefs from the number one restaurant in the world, El Celler de Can Roca, and they've participated in a sous vide class  from one of only 67 Certified Master Chefs in the World.

Additional lab fees of approximately $18,644.00 are applied to cover costs associated with the Culinary Arts program. For more information please contact an advisor or join us each Wednesday for our scheduled tour to find out more about the program. The free tour is from 12 to 1 p.m.  Sign up or just show up. Meet at Wolfson Campus, Room 9202.  Find out more and sign up at: 305-237-7114. 
Program Details
Our two-year Associate in Science program provides real-world knowledge, understanding and technique from some of the best practicing chefs in the industry. Engaging, hands-on classes are presented in our brand new, state-of-the-art building located within the MDC Wolfson Campus in the dynamic and evolving community of downtown Miami. 
Students are offered opportunities to connect with world-class chefs from Miami and beyond, and participate with them in special events. Study areas includes:



Culinary Theory
Basic Skills
Baking
International Cuisines




Garde Manger
Purchasing
Food and Beverage Cost Controls
Nutrition





Career Prospects
Graduates will be awarded  an Associate Degree in Science and become a Certified Culinarian. Our graduates have gone on to work in the best restaurants in Miami and found internships and employment in locations as far away as Chicago, Maine, New York, Connecticut, Atlanta, Spain, and France. Employment within the restaurant and hospitality industry includes roles such as:

Head Chef
Sous Chef
Restaurant Manager
Banquet Manager
Convention Services Manager

Program Location


Our two-year Associate in Science program provides real-world knowledge, understanding and technique from some of the best practicing chefs in the industry. Engaging, hands-on classes are presented in our brand new, state-of-the-art building located within the MDC Wolfson Campus in the dynamic and evolving community of downtown Miami. 
Students are offered opportunities to connect with world-class chefs from Miami and beyond, and participate with them in special events. Study areas includes:

Graduates will be awarded  an Associate Degree in Science and become a Certified Culinarian. Our graduates have gone on to work in the best restaurants in Miami and found internships and employment in locations as far away as Chicago, Maine, New York, Connecticut, Atlanta, Spain, and France. Employment within the restaurant and hospitality industry includes roles such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Get help on campus
305-237-8888
 Use Live Chat
Get direct help with admissions, registration, or any other questions you may have.Make an Appointment
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
