Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
MDC Online students are extremely important to us. We want our students to succeed and receive the services and support that will make their online learning experience valuable.
Student services and academic tools are offered virtually so that students do not have to travel to an MDC campus. Contacting our team and receiving assistance remotely provides students the flexibility and convenience to access MDC Online support from anywhere.
MDC Online students receive the same quality support services as those who take face-to-face courses at any Miami Dade College campus. Students are welcome to visit their local campus to complete admission requirements, attend orientations, register for courses and receive other types of specialized services.
To create a positive, convenient experience we provide specialized student support in several areas:
Our staff is available to assist online students with the course selection process, choosing a program of study, transfer requirements, and career resources.
 The Student Help Desk staff provides guidance in processing schedule changes. These include, but are not limited to adding/dropping courses, instructor approved reinstatements, and assisting with student account registration holds.
In order to ensure that each ACCESS student receives the proper accommodations, we encourage all to notify their online instructors at the beginning of the term, before proctored exams, with the appropriate ACCESS documents.
We advise students to review MDC’s tuition rates before enrolling in the academic term. Please note that the fee for most MDC Online courses is $15 per credit. (i.e. $45 for a 3-credit course)
All out of state students and non-Florida residents must review the table. Due to state authorization requirements for distance learning that are particular to each state, students who reside in states marked as 'Not Approved' cannot be enrolled in online classes at Miami Dade College. Registration is contingent upon unique state authorization requirements.
 Login to Canvas
 Live Chat Support
The Student Support Center can help resolve technical issues and answer questions about current and future courses and semesters. Current and prospective students can submit a ticket by emailing online@mdc.edu and will receive a response from the Student Support team.
For more information and assistance, please contact our Student Support Center:
Phone:305-237-3800
Email Us:online@mdc.edu
Schedule an Appointment:
Set up an appointment to meet with an MDC Online Student Support Team Member
Hours:
			Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET
			Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
