Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
In keeping with its mission and goals, and in compliance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Medical Campus promotes an environment of respect and support for persons with disabilities and will make reasonable accommodations. The definition of individuals with disabilities are those who currently have, have a record of having, or are regarded as having a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more major life activity. Major life activities include caring for oneself, performing manual tasks, walking, seeing, hearing, breathing, and working.
In order to fulfill the requirements of the Veterinary Technology program at Miami Dade College, students must be able to meet the physical demands associated with the profession. Examples of these requirements include but are not limited to the following: 
COMMENTS:
Very little time is spent sitting down except for writing charts. The ability to lift a    patient from the floor to waist height, moving patients from stretchers to tables, and using good body mechanics is important. The ability to read and understand clinical instructions and apply them to patient’s charts, notes or records.
COMMENTS:
The ability to assist in surgical areas,  including patient positioning, assisting with the care of exposed tissues,  operating suction/cautery instruments, assisting with anesthesia and  maintaining proper operating room conduct and sepsis. Must be able to work around strong chemicals used  for developing radiographs.  Should not be allergic to domestic animals to the extent that would prohibit working in a facility that has them.
COMMENTS:
Must be able to communicate successfully with the faculty, clinical staff and veterinarians. Should be  able to hear various equipment sounds. Must be able to communicate in a clear and concise manner to owner’s as well as clinicians.
Individuals requesting a milestone review, progression to clinical courses, and graduation from a  program in Nursing and Health Sciences must be able to meet the physical and  emotional requirements of the academic program. In addition, students admitted  to the programs in Nursing and Health Sciences must possess the following  qualities:
Because of the unique responsibilities involved in all Health Science professions, each department reserves the right to require that the student who appears to be unsuited for any program therein withdraw from the program and be guided into another curriculum of study at the College.
An individual who poses a direct threat to the health or safety of others or themselves may be denied admission, progression or graduation. The College's determination that a person poses a direct threat will be based on an individualized assessment that relies on current medical evidence or on the best available evidence to assess the nature, duration, and severity of the risk and the probability that the potential injury will actually occur.
Although it is extremely rare, an animal health care worker may become exposed to the rabies virus  through accidental transmission from an infected animal.  An effective means of reducing the chance of a rabies infection is through the rabies prophylaxis vaccine.  Once vaccinated, an exposed student would be required to take only a reduced amount of vaccines post viral inoculation, as opposed to a student who was not protected.  As a potential student who will be providing direct patient care, you should discuss this vaccine with your health care provider. The rabies vaccine is required for any health care provider that intends to work with wildlife.

This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
