At Miami Dade College, Planning and Policy Analysis (PPA) can assist with locating information about legislation and rules that impact the college. Some key information sources include the Florida Constitution, Florida Statutes, Laws of Florida, Executive Orders, Florida Department of Education Administrative Rules. Selected resources used for exploring state laws, rules and regulations related to legislation, executive orders and rules are highlighted below.  College employees are welcome to contact us to assist them in locating pertinent materials.
Executive Office of the Governor - The Honorable Ron DeSantis, Governor
“The Governor is the supreme executive power in the state. Article IV, Section 1(a) of the Florida Constitution provides that “he shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed, commission all officers of the state and counties, and transact all necessary business with the officers of government.” Source: Executive Office of The Governor
Executive Orders
“The authority for governors to issue executive orders is found in state constitutions and statutes as well as case law or is implied by the powers assigned to state chief executives. Governors use executive orders for a variety of purposes” Source: National Governors Association.
Florida Courts - Judicial Branch
“The Florida court system is comprised of the Supreme Court, five district courts of appeal, 20 circuit courts and 67 county courts. Each layer of the Florida judicial system has a distinct role in providing justice to all Floridians.” Source: Florida Courts.
Legislative Process - How an Idea Becomes a Law
“The Florida Senate and the Florida House of Representatives together are the Florida Legislature, a bicameral legislature. The Florida Legislature is one of three branches of government in Florida. The other two branches are the Executive and Judicial.” Source: About the Legislature
Florida Senate
“The Senate is composed of 40 members, each elected from a single-member district with a population of approximately 470,000 residents. Legislative districts are drawn based on population figures, provided by the federal decennial census. Senators' terms begin immediately, upon their election. The Senate Chamber is in the State Capitol building.” Source: Wikipedia Florida Senate
Florida House of Representatives
“The Florida House of Representatives consist of 120 members, each elected from a single-member district with a population of approximately 157,000 residents. Legislative districts are drawn based on population figures, provided by the federal decennial census. Representatives' terms begin immediately upon their election.” Source: Wikipedia Florida House of Representatives.
The Florida Department of Education is led by the State Board of Education and Commissioner with the mission to "Increase the proficiency of all students within one seamless, efficient system, by providing them with the opportunity to expand their knowledge and skills through learning opportunities and research valued by students, parents, and communities, and to maintain an accountability system that measures student progress toward the following goals:
Source: Florida Department of Education State Board of Education
Education Laws & Legislation
Laws and Rules
“The basis of the (Florida Department of Education’s) Strategic Plan is direction set in Florida law and rule. Florida Law clearly specifies the state's expectations related to the organization, operation and requirements of the state education system.”  Source: Florida Department of Education
Florida College System Statewide Communications Policy & Legislative
“There shall be a single state college system comprised of all public community and state colleges. A local board of trustees shall govern each state college system institution and the state board of education shall supervise the state college system.” Source: Florida Statutes.
2021-22 Legislation of Importance to State and Community Colleges
Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness
To contact a member from our team, please visit the Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness contact page.
SIE Service Request Form
Login to SharePoint Site
