The President's Volunteer Service  Award (PVSA) recognizes MDC students, faculty, and staff who volunteer their time to serve their community. Service hours documented for this award are limited to a 12-month cycle (typically from May 1 to April 30, but any 12-month period is acceptable). Award winners receive a lapel pin, a certificate, and letter from the office of President of the United States.
Awards for individual service accumulate through a combination of hours documented in the Changemaker Hub through academic service-learning, individual service, and/or hours completed towards club service. Award levels for individuals include:
Student Organization MDC President’s Volunteer Service Award (MDC PVSA) is awarded by the President of MDC for club service accumulated through a combination of hours collectively documented in the Changemaker Hub with iCED by each club member towards one student club. Award levels for student clubs include:
The President’s Volunteer Service Award applicants must self-nominate by downloading and filling out the Individual PVSA application or Club PVSA application. Applications must be received by your campus iCED office by Friday May 3, 2024* (but applications are accepted on a rolling basis, year-round). *To be recognized at your campus’ award ceremony, please submit your application by March 31.
The Civic Leadership Award (CLA)
recognizes MDC students, faculty, and staff who have shown sustained and impactful civic leadership in our community. Civic leadership is reflected in the capacity to identify, analyze, collaborate, and work towards solving pressing societal needs and issues. Award winners receive a certificate and letter of commendation from MDC’s Institute for Civic Engagement & Democracy.
The Civic Leadership Award is through self or peer nomination by downloading 
          and filling out the CLA application. Applications must be received by your campus iCED office by Friday May 3, 2024 (but applications are accepted on a rolling basis, year-round).
The Civic Action Award (CAA) recognizes MDC students, faculty, and staff who have demonstrated active participation in the civic life of our community by scoring a minimum of 100 points on iCED’s Civic Action Scorecard and submitting the required documentation and reflections on MDC’s Changemaker Hub. Award winners receive a lapel pin, a certificate, and letter of commendation from MDC’s Office of Changemaking Education & Social Innovation.
Award levels include:
To earn this award follow the instructions on the Student Tab in the Democratic Engagement pathway by clicking here. Contact  your campus iCED office for more information.
NOTE: Scorecard users can continually work towards each award level at their own pace and timeline. As each point threshold is met, the corresponding award is earned.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
