The English for Academic Purposes Program fulfills an important mission in assisting the immigrant population in the Miami-Dade County area to learn the English language in order to facilitate continuing education and entry into mainstream America.
There are six levels in the EAP program, with  four skill area courses in each level: Speech/Listening (3 credit hours) Reading (3 credit hours) Writing (3 credit hours) Grammar (3 credit hours) In addition, two laboratories are required:  Speech Lab (1 credit) and Writing Lab (1 credit)
The College administers the ACCUPLACER test  to assess the student’s proficiency in English.  Classes vary by level, and placement is based on  the results. 
In this option, the six levels of the EAP program  are offered each semester and last for 16 weeks  during fall and spring semesters, or 12 weeks  during the summer semester. Full-time students  and international students take the four skill  areas (Speech/Listening, Reading, Writing and Grammar) as well as the Speech and Writing  labs. Students entering this program at a basic  level (Level 1) will take six semesters approximately two years — to complete the six  levels of the program with full-time study.  Students who choose this option will normally take 14 credits per semester. 
The EAP+ Program consists of EAP classes in  Levels 3-6. EAP+ is an integrated skills program  that combines writing and grammar into one  class, and reading, speaking and listening into  another class. With EAP+, there is no separate  lab; the lab is integrated into the course. In  addition to the integrated skills classes, students in the EAP+ Program may take college level courses while completing the program, known as concurrent enrollment. For example,  students in EAP+ Level 4 may take MAT 1033  (Intermediate Algebra) while taking EAP+ courses. Students who choose this option will  normally take 12 EAP credits per semester, plus  3 additional credits for their concurrent  enrollment course.
The ACE (Accelerated Content-Based English)  Program is a fast-track EAP program for  students with strong academic backgrounds.  Participants in this program will complete two  levels in one semester (Levels 3 and 4, or 5 and  6). Also, ACE students take a regular college  credit class, such as a computer science or  psychology class, thereby allowing them to get  a head start on their college career at MDC.  Admission into this program is on a competitive  basis and requires a separate ACE Program application, as well as an interview and a  writing sample. Students who choose this option will normally take 15-16 credits including  their regular college credit class.
Financial aid is available for this program. For  more information, visit this site:  http://www.mdc.edu/financialaid/
Schedule an appointment with an advisor
The cost of tuition for State of Florida Residents (proof  of residency of 1 year or more is required) is $118.22 per credit. All other  students are considered Out of State, for whom the cost is $402.51 per credit.  These rates are subject to change; please  refer to Miami Dade College’s official website for the most current rates.  A typical full-time EAP student will take  approximately 14 credits a semester, at a cost of $1655.08 per semester.  Financial aid is available for those who qualify.  You should apply early and complete the FAFSA  application if you plan to request financial aid to pay for your classes. 
If you are an international student, this program  qualifies for student visas (but this message is not a confirmation that you  qualify for a student visa). The details on how to become a student may be  obtained from the International Student Office via this link:  http://www.mdc.edu/internationalstudents/contact-us.aspx
EAP (English for Academic Purposes) is a program for students that want  to earn academic credits toward pursuing a certificate or a degree at Miami  Dade College.   ESOL (English as a Second  Language) is a non-credit course for students who want to learn English for  non-academic purposes.  
For further information regarding EAP classes please contact:
World Language Lab
  (305)237-6102
LangLabIAC1@mdc.edu
At our campus, we have  morning classes (with most classes meeting between 7 am and 1 pm) and evening  classes (with classes meeting between 5:40 pm and 10:50 pm) available for your  convenience.  Most full-time students  attend classes three to four days a week.           
Los programas de inglés como segundo idioma con propósito académico (EAP) en el Padrón Campus preparan a los hablantes no nativos del inglés en todos los aspectos del idioma. Este programa se enfoca en el estudiante y está diseñado para los alumnos que quieren aprender inglés como preparación para cursar estudios en una universidad estadounidense.
View EAP program requirements
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
