Volunteer work that aims to improve the community through organizations such as a nonprofit, government agency, school, grassroots organization, or through iCED-approved projects. Refer to our standards for service.
AS-L is service that is integrated into a course. Service must be directly related to the class subject matter and meet an identified community need. Intentional, ongoing critical reflection must be incorporated into the course to help connect the service with the course objectives and with civic learning.
Your professor will provide you with exact deadlines for finding and confirming your service site, and for submitting your hours via the MDC Changemaker Hub. Generally, you should find and start your service during the first two weeks of the term and complete and submit your required hours two weeks before the end of the term.
Service that is not part of a requirement for a class.
Service performed as part of your membership with an MDC student club. 
Assume leadership or membership roles in organizations, behave, and work through controversy, with civility, and develop empathy, ethics, values, with a sense of social responsibility.
Earn money as you serve your community. This Federal Work-Study program provides you with training, leadership opportunities, and professional skills. Work with our iCED offices as we implement various programming initiatives across our campuses. Civic Ambassadors work a flexible schedule of 15-25 hours a week. Payment is dependent on each student's own Financial Aid award package.
Fill out an iCED Student Job interest form to learn more
Help address our  community's most pressing issues, develop your leadership skills, and be a  Changemaker! This Federal Work-Study program involves working off campus at a  non-profit organization in a role similar to a paid internship. Civic  Leadership Fellows work a flexible schedule of 10-25 hours a week, are paid $14 an hour,  and have meaningful work opportunities at over 20 community organizations that  include, but are not limited to:
We are urgently  hiring for opportunities across the county for all majors and  experience levels!
Learn how you can apply to be a paid changemaker
Non-partisan paid  internships available to promote voter registration, voter education, public  policy, and social justice initiatives on campus. Internships generally pay  approximately $500 per semester and involve an average of 10 hours a week. Gain  experience, build your resume, and support our democracy! On-going training and  support provided! Program partners include Campus Vote  Project’s Democracy Fellows, Andrew Goodman  Foundation Vote Everywhere  Ambassadors, and the Civic  Influencers Program. 
Fill out an iCED Student Job interest form to learn more
Join MDC’s effort to create an “everyone a changemaker world”
The Civic Leadership Award
Experiences that prepare students for informed, engaged participation in their communities’ civic and democratic life by providing opportunities to develop civic knowledge, skills, and mindsets. 
Take Action. Score Points. Earn Awards.
The Civic Action Scorecard is your toolkit for learning how to flex your civic muscles! It is a list of 90+ possibilities of civic actions. Whether you are registering to vote for the first time, learning more about the importance of empathy, learning about the Sustainable Development Goals, or learning who your elected officials are, the Scorecard will support your growth as a changemaker and be something you can highlight on your resume, in job applications, and contribute to your success. And best of all, you can earn the Civic Action Award for your efforts. It’s fun, easy, and powerful! Get started today by: 
Visit MDC’s one-stop election readiness site: register to vote, sign-up for vote-by-mail, check voter registration status, update voter registration address, learn about important deadlines, and more! 
Join the hundreds of MDC students who are taking the Unify Challenge. Get paired with someone who lives outside your “bubble” over a 1-hour video call. You’ll take a guided survey together about goals for America across a dozen topics. It’s fun, fascinating, and might even give you a little hope. It’s also a great way to build your portfolio, earn points towards the Civic Action Award, and prepare for the workforce.  Learn more about Unify America Challenge and sign up.
The Civic Action Award
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
