Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q. What is a Diagnostic Medical Sonographer?
A. The diagnostic medical sonographer, also known as an Ultrasound Technologist, is a skilled person qualified by academic, laboratory, and clinical training to provide patient services. The sonographer performs the ultrasound exam and serves as the eyes and ears of the physician, who will interpret the medical images produced through sonography.

Q. When does the program start and when is the target review date for the program?
A. The program starts in the Fall of every year. There is only one class selection per year. The target review date is May 1st.

Q. What are the program requirements?
A. The student should apply to Miami Dade  College and request a  milestone review to the DMS program. To request a milestone review for this program the  student should have completed ENC 1101, AMH 2020, HUM 1020, MAC 1105, BSC 2085, BSC 2085L, BSC  2086, BSC 2086L, PHY 1020 or 1025. If the student  has taken other physics courses, the transcript will be evaluated for possible  substitution and waiver. Students must have completed all courses before  starting the program. Students may still request a milestone review if the courses will be  completed in the summer after the target review date but should understand that the selection  criteria is based on the programmatic GPA and number of courses completed.

Q. What are is the selection criteria?
A. The student selection is based on Program GPA and dependent on the number of courses completed at the time of milestone review. Students with the highest program GPA and that have completed all required courses by the target review date will be considered first. Students will be awarded points based on a sliding scale from 4.0 – 2.5 on the general education program requirement courses.
Final Selection towards discipline courses is dependent on the following criteria:
Q. Can I request a Milestone Review if I have not completed all of the general education and science courses?
A. Yes. Courses HSC0003 and HSC0003L listed above should be completed by the summer before the fall start date. Students that have completed all required program general education courses listed above by May 1st and with the highest Program GPA will be considered first for selection. 

Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. You will earn an Associate in Science degree in Diagnostic Medical Sonography.  This will qualify you to participate in the credentialing process offered by the American Registry of Diagnostic Medical Sonography (ARDMS), to become a Registered Diagnostic Medical Sonographer and a Registered Diagnostic Cardiac Sonographer.

Q. What are the hours of the program?
A. The program is a full-time and approximately 35-40 hours per week. The schedule varies from semester to semester. The clinic hours are from 7:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. or 9:00 a.m. to 5:00p.m. depending on the clinic assigned.

Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
A. It is not recommended to work more than 20 hours a week while in program.

Q. Do you assist with job placement after graduation?
A. The Medical Campus does not provide job placement.  Through the Career Center located in the New Student Center on the Medical Campus, graduates may review employment opportunities that have been forwarded to the Career Center.

Q. Do I need to take a test to work in this profession after graduation?
A. A sonographer does not need a license to work. It is highly recommended to become registered by the ARDMS. Most hospitals in the area require sonographers to be registered at the time of employment or will have a deadline of one year after the hire date.

Q. What is the approximate annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics the median salary for sonographers is $64,380.
            
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
