Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The practical nurse functions to the level of their educational preparation and under the direct supervision of a registered nurse, mid-level provider, or licensed physician. The curriculum prepares the graduate to challenge the state board examination for practical nurse licensure. The program is approved by the Florida Board of Nursing (FBON). Graduates are eligible to apply to write the National Council Licensing Examination for Registered Nurses (NCLEX-PN). Selection is based on scores on pre-admission testing and completion of required prerequisite courses. See the School of Nursing Information website for more specific details about admission requirements. Pre-Admission tests – Applicants must take the Test of Adult Basic Education (TABE) and Test of Essential Academic Skills (TEAS). 
98%
Complete program in three semesters.
Employment in this area has high earning potential.
Graduates are eligible to apply to write the National Council Licensing Examination for Registered Nurses (NCLEX-PN). 
This one-year planned certificate program prepares a safe and effective practitioner for the beginning levels of patient care. 

Students who pursue this course of study may be employed in:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
