Easy Transfer to 4-year Institutions
While admission to the college or university of your choice is not guaranteed, the Florida Statewide Articulation Agreement does guarantee upper division admission to a state college or university in Florida such as FIU, when you earn an A.A. degree.  MDC graduates are regularly accepted at Harvard, Yale, Columbia, Georgetown, Stanford, and many other top institutions that have a transfer agreement in place with MDC. Get more information about transfers.
Quality Instruction
Financial Aid
Miami Dade works with a number of financial aid and scholarship programs to help you pay for college. Make sure to apply for financial aid, you may be eligible for scholarships and other aid to help you realize your dream of going to college.
Special Perks
Student Support
MDC offers a full “college experience” comparable to other leading institutions of higher education. From student government to intercollegiate athletics, student-edited newspapers and literary magazines, internships and study abroad programs, it's all right here.
There are advisors on every campus that will help you decide on a course of study, stay on track with your classes, and plan your future beyond MDC. Each campus also has pre-college advisors and a New Student Center that functions as the first point of contact for prospective or new students and organizes individual meetings, open houses and orientation sessions prior to each semester.
Ready to start the next phase of your life? MDC makes it easy to enroll, no matter what type of student you are.
Get a jump start on your future with these innovative and dynamic programs tailored for high school students. Find out about dual enrollment, career pathways, credit by examination, scholarships and more. We’ve also created a webpage just for your high school so you can contact your pre-college advisor and learn about opportunities at MDC.
Join us at our future student events and find out what it's like to be part of the MDC community.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
