Roberto Alonso has always known the importance of a good education, strong family values and hard work. He has been a leader in education technology, helping to develop solutions that have impacted millions of students nationwide in K-12 education as a co-founder of Hero K12, a business founded to have a profound, positive impacted on student outcomes, making school a better place to learn and grow. 

          In 2017, Mr. Alonso and his team had a vision for an EdTech portfolio of integrated solutions to improve schools. They raised the capital and developed a school choice platform named SchoolMint, a student enrollment software that allows parents to easily merge their child’s educational needs with the proper school environment. 
            

          After nearly 20 years of traveling the country, helping thousands of schools and numerous school districts across the nation, Trustee Alonso decided to dedicate more time to his family and community. He returned to his family’s roots in Miami real estate where he now works at Costa Realtors as the Vice President of Business Development. 
            

          Mr. Alonso is also heavily vested in his community, providing leadership as a board member of the Miami-Dade County Planning Advisory Board, President of Loch Lomond Homeowners Association, Past Vice-Chair of the Town of Miami Lakes’ Charter Review Committee, Past Chair of the Town of Miami Lakes’ Public Safety Committee, and Past President of the Royal Oaks Homeowners Association.  He added to his community involvement and philanthropic endeavors through the founding of Miami Lakes Cars for a Cure, a non-for-profit organization that produces community events to raise funds for local cancer research, where he also serves as President and Event Operations Manager.

          Trustee Alonso was born in Hialeah, Florida, and raised in the surrounding area by his parents, both Cuban immigrants who were provided the chance for freedom in the United States thanks to Operation Pedro Pan which allowed unaccompanied minors to flee the newly seated communist regime in 1962. 
            

          Mr. Alonso’s father, Roberto Alonso, Sr., attended MDC for one year, having to end his enrollment in order to work multiple jobs to help his parents and family “make ends meet.”  This was the only higher education experience that he had, but he continued to better himself and instill in Roberto and his sisters the importance of an education beyond just high school.
            

          Mr. Alonso graduated from Monsignor Pace High School in northwest Miami-Dade County and began attending MDC classes while working a full-time job, attaining an Associate in Arts in 2002. He later went on to FIU to earn a Bachelor in Business Administration, with a focus on Management Information Systems. 
          

Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
