Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
Faculty who are currently teaching for MDC Online are leaders in using innovative instructional technology. They enjoy both the one-on-one as well as the group teaching strategies afforded by web-based instruction. 
Full-time and Adjunct faculty who are interested in teaching with MDC Online must have a Master's degree in the discipline or a Master's degree and 18 graduate credits in the discipline for most subjects. Prior to teaching at MDC Online, candidates must successfully complete the faculty training provided by MDC (MDC Online Certification).

              If you live in Florida, are qualified to teach these subjects, have basic computer and Internet skills, and want to teach for MDC Online, please contact us via email at onlinefaculty@mdc.edu, specify curricular area(s), and attach your resume. If your discipline is needed, we will contact you for an interview.
              

              MDC Online maintains a wide and evolving portfolio of resources for instructors teaching online. We are also happy to suggest further reading or direct you to academic research focused on online learning. Let us know if you have suggestions about what you would like to see on this page. Feel free to share resources!
 			

See you online!
 Login to Canvas
 Live Chat Support
The Faculty Support Center is here to help faculty with questions about their courses, schedules, technical issues or other concerns. The Faculty Support Center can be reached at:
Phone:305-237-3700
Email Us:onlinefaculty@mdc.edu
Hours:Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET
										Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
