The School of Justice at Miami Dade College offers a variety of driver improvement and vehicle safety courses. A full-time driving range is staffed by experienced current and retired police officers, including several instructors who have attained a Master Instructor rating from the State of Florida.
Courses include:
We are also able to custom tailor safety courses to meet a wide variety of needs. We currently offer training that would benefit anyone who works out of their vehicle or drives a vehicle as part of their job, including:
Please contact the School of Justice at 305-237-1400
		
Interested in becoming a certified police officer? We offer day and evening police academies! To learn more about the police academy requirements, please download the Basic Law Enforcement Orientation packet and get started today!
Download Basic Law Enforcement Orientation Packet
Orientation is held every Tuesday at the North Campus at 6:00pm in Room 8116.  Come and have all your questions about the police academy answered.
IMPORTANT: As of July 1, 2022, section 943.17(1)(g) states that any candidate wishing to enter a law enforcement academy that either (i) is a veteran as classified in section 1.01(14), F.S., or (ii) holds an associate degree or higher from an accredited college or university is not required to take the Law Enforcement Basic Abilities Test. Please note that veteran is defined as being honorably discharged from military service. No other discharge classifications qualify. This does not apply to candidates wishing to enter a corrections academy. The Associate Degree must be from an accredited college or university. Your transcript needs to be submitted to Miami Dade College for approval before you proceed.
The School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies also offers specialized training programs for law enforcement in areas such as:
In-Service Training & Professional Development training programs
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
