The Qualtrics Survey Research Tool is available for MDC faculty and staff through the Division of Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness. Qualtrics makes it easy to create, distribute and analyze surveys and results. You can also choose to Collaborate (share creation and editing rights) with other Qualtrics users at MDC.
If you already have a Qualtrics account, visit their official website.
This request is limited to MDC employees. Request an account.
Visit the Qualtrics support webpage for more information.
For additional support, email us at AET@mdc.edu.
Submit your survey for review and feedback via an SIE Service Request.
XM Basecamp is Qualtrics's on-demand learning site designed to help you master the Qualtrics platform. The free training will prepare you to build surveys. You can also complete all of the certification training courses for free on XM Basecamp and go through the Survey Platform Basics guides.
Visit the XM Basecamp site for training.
Advanced Reports is now available to all Qualtrics users. You can find out more about the new experience on their support page. After October 31st, 2020, users will lose access to any reports which were created with Classic Reports, including scheduled emails and public reports. Qualtrics encourages you to rebuild reports on the Advanced Reports platform and to download a PDF copy of existing reports you wish to keep.
If you have a question about the newest version of Reports, please visit the Support Page for Advanced Reports. It's also always worth checking the XM Community to see if any other users have had the same question about this change. If you'd rather speak to a specialist, the Qualtrics Support Team is always ready to assist. To contact them, please log into your Qualtrics Support Portal.
Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness
To contact a member from our team, please visit the Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness contact page.
SIE Service Request Form
Login to SharePoint Site
Visit Testing and Assessment
Please take a moment to fill out a Assessment, Evaluation, and Testing Survey of Satisfaction. The information you provide will help improve the quality of services provided.
