As a student, you will be able to designate one preferred first name. Preferred first name is a name that can be displayed on certain College records instead of your legal first name. Your preferred first name is the name you would like to be referred to in the classroom and elsewhere on campus. All other official college documents will display your legal name.  
You may designate a preferred first name by completing the Preferred Name Form. Your legal middle and last names will remain unchanged.    
 Preferred first names are limited to alphabetical characters and a hyphen (-). In general, you can set a preferred first name to any name, but MDC reserves the right to deny a request if it is inappropriate, offensive, or is used for misrepresentation or fraud.   
You may submit the Preferred Name Form at any time. Your request will take effect within seven (7) business days of receipt of the Preferred Name Form. Your preferred name will take effect at the beginning of the following term.    
The Preferred First Name will appear in the following locations:
The College will continue expanding the locations and incorporate preferred first name wherever possible. Preferred first names will not be used in cases where the legal name is required, including — but not limited to — financial aid documents, official transcripts, diplomas, payroll records, professional licenses, and federal immigration documents.   
 If you have designated a preferred first name and later decide that you would prefer to use your legal first name on all records, you may check the appropriate box on the Preferred Name Form and resubmit the form.   
Preferred Name Form
Elisabet Vizoso 
                      College Registrar
11011 SW 104th Street
                    Miami, FL 33176
                    Telephone: 305-237-2206
registrar@mdc.edu
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
