Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Computer Programming and Analysis program with a concentration in the “Internet of Things” (IoT) prepares students with multidisciplinary workforce skills for immediate employment and career experience and provides an accelerated credential that fulfills the local demand. As the “Internet of Things” (IoT) and other computer-driven technologies raise the level of sophistication and connectivity in products, these software skills have become highly prized by employers.
The majority of these courses can be taken evenings and weekends.
Employment in this area has high earning potential.
Skills in programming taught in this program are in high demand 
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most program courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
The A.S. in Computer Science and Analysis offers three program concentration options: Business Application Programming, Internet of Things (IoT) Applications, and Mobile Applications Development.
Students in this concentration acquire a skill-set that leads to producing connected devices by developing applications that can run on microcontroller development boards, designing and simulating the functioning of the devices and building physical prototypes. Upon completion of the program, students will have learned how to develop applications in the dominant programming languages used in IoT, completed projects that they can include in their portfolio and configured different single board computers.
Areas of focus in this course of study include:

As the choices for connected devices and solutions continue to grow, and businesses and consumers increasingly embark on IoT projects to find solutions to their problems, the industry itself faces the challenge of finding enough people with IoT skills to develop, deploy and support connected devices. The IoT Applications program overcome that challenge and prepare graduates for career opportunities like:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
