Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
This is the only paralegal studies program in Miami-Dade County approved by the American Bar Association. The Law Center at Miami Dade College is certified to meet the highest standards in legal education. As a paralegal studies student, you’ll build the necessary skills in procedural and substantive law needed to work as a key member of a legal team.

                  Located at Wolfson, Kendall and North Campuses, this program features an integrated internship that helps students go beyond the classroom, helping you build professional relationships and gain real-world experience.

"A legal assistant or paralegal is a person, qualified by education, training or work experience, who is employed or retained by a lawyer, law office, corporation, governmental agency or other entity and who performs specifically delegated substantive legal work for which a lawyer is responsible. Paralegals may not provide legal services directed to the public except as permitted by law."
- American Bar Association
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
As part of this program, you’ll explore a  wide range of substantive  areas of the law that include:

Graduates of the Miami Dade College Paralegal Studies Program should:
Employment opportunities for paralegals are growing faster than the average for all other occupations. Although the competition in this field can be intense, formally trained paralegals are more likely to obtain employment. As Miami-Dade County’s only American Bar Association approved program, the College is your best option for that training. The numbers speak for themselves. More than 90 percent of The Law Center’s graduates are gainfully employed as legal professionals in fields that include:
The Law Center is conveniently located at:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Contact The Law Center for more information and advisement about the Paralegal Studies Program.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
