Free Tuition
Paid Wages
On-the-Job Learning
Classroom Instruction
Mentorship
Industry Recognized Credentials
Miami Dade College (MDC) is the first academic institution in Florida to receive the designation of Program Sponsor by the Florida Department of Education (FLDOE) and named Apprenticeship Ambassador by the US Department of Labor. Offering several occupations, MDC has the highest number of Registered Apprenticeship Programs than any other educational institution in the State of Florida. As a Program Sponsor, MDC is authorized to register occupations, employers, and apprentices to participate in a Registered Apprenticeship Program. Registered Apprenticeship Programs (RAP) enable employers to develop and apply industry standards to training programs for registered apprentices that can increase productivity and improve workforce quality. Apprentices who complete an RAP are accepted by industry as Masters in their field. 
We offer two models of apprenticeship programs: Pre-apprenticeship and Apprenticeship.
The Pre-Apprenticeship program provides training that is based on industry standards and approved by a Registered Apprenticeship Program (RAP) partner. Students in this program gain valuable skills and provided credit upon acceptance into the Apprenticeship Program. Employers participating in a pre-apprenticeship can save time and money and provide hands-on training that prepares apprentices for success in the workforce.
A Registered Apprenticeship Program (RAP) enables employers to develop and apply industry standards to training programs that can increase productivity and improve workforce quality. Apprentices who complete an RAP are accepted by the industry as masters in their field. By providing on-the-job training, related classroom instruction, and guaranteed wage structures, employers who sponsor apprentices provide incentives to attract and retain more highly qualified employees and improve productivity.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
