Goals, Objectives and metrics
GOAL 1
 REIMAGINING FOR STUDENT SUCCESS
GOAL 2

                                ACCELERATING ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE & INNOVATION
                            
GOAL 3

                                VALUING A CULTURE OF CARE TO ADVANCE STUDENT OUTCOMES
                            
GOAL 4
FUELING THE TALENT NEEDS OF A GLOBAL ECONOMY
GOAL 5
SECURING OUR FUTURE
CARING FOR STUDENTS AND ABOUT EACH OTHER & OUR COMMUNITY
MDC’s talented team of faculty and staff are the difference makers for our students. Ensuring the safety of our students and employees is a college-wide priority. The college is expanding its culture of care by launching the MDC CARE -- Comprehensive Access to Resources and Education -- initiative with an emphasis on supporting one another, recognizing excellence, and promoting continuous improvement. We are bringing back the Presidential Excellence Award Program that provides one-time monetary recognition to employees who have gone the extra mile. At the same time our Employee Enrollment Initiative will offer a more personalized continuing education experience.
The college has extended a helping hand to students during the pandemic with programs to fight food insecurity, fund technology to support remote learning, and expand scholarships. To honor and thank our hometown first responders who got their start at Miami Dade College, we developed a special heroes edition of our MDC Alumni Hall of Fame Awards. The way MDC and our community took action and adapted, from the quick pivot to remote teaching and learning to the careful planning for a safe return to campus shows how we care for and about each other. MDC is committed to augmenting our exceptional team by improving systems and promoting continuous improvement through professional development. Together, we are creating a brighter future for the region.
3.1 	  Design professional development to promote best practices for employee advancement, skill acquisition and support to enhance teaching, learning, and drive service and student excellence. 
                    
3.2 	  Ensure continuous workplace, business, and digital skills acquisition and develop deep expertise in all professional development opportunities.
                    
3.3 	  Develop an organizational talent management strategy designed to attract, retain, manage, and motivate employees. 
                    
3.4 	  Position MDC to serve as a convener of people, innovation and changemaking.
                    
1 	  Professional development (Employees & hours) 
2 	  Food, housing insecurity, and homelessness survey results
                    
3 	  Full and part-time employees
4 	  Offers accepted rate
5 	  Employee turnover 
The following PDF document for the Strategic Plan is currently going through an ADA remediation process. Please check back for an updated version.
Download Full Plan (PDF)
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
