Connecting Credentials for Academic and Career Success
 The Right Signals Initiative, funded by Lumina Foundation, is part of Miami Dade College's commitment to student access and success. The initiative is based on communicating with current and prospective students about their MDC credentials. A credential is a documented award indicating achieved outcomes and employability skills. The overall credentialing system for MDC consists of more than 72 College Credit Certificates, 35 Career Technical Certificates, 49 Industry Certifications, 65 Associate in Science degrees, and 17 Baccalaureate degrees. At MDC, you can stack credentials.
A credential awarded by an industry recognized third-party certifying entity
A credential awarded based on clock hours for job preparation
A credential with a specific job skill set related to an AS degree
A credential with general education and career specific college credit courses
A credential to upgrade skills after earning an AS degree
A credential obtained after an Associate degree
Connected career-focused credentials that create a coherent academic and career pathway with multiple entry and exit points. Stacking credentials can strengthen the connections and clearly show students and employers how programs build as career ladders.
Miami Dade College acknowledges each credential earned while progressing towards your goals. You can start at any credential level such as industry certificate, career technical certificate, college credit certificate, associate degree, and advanced technical certificate by which all can lead into a baccalaureate degree.
Use your credentials as you earn them to help start or advance your career—all while still in school.
Please contact an academic advisor to plan and map stackable credentials for your program of interest.
Academic programs are grouped by broad program categories called meta-majors. For more information about academic programs and related credentials, please explore the meta-majors listed below.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
