Benjamín León
All Medical Campus students must complete  the FDLE Waiver and Statement form. This form is to authorize dissemination to  Miami Dade College - Medical Campus of any national criminal history record  that may pertain to you.
          In addition, all program students must  complete a "background check" through the identified MDC agent and  must be cleared by the first day of class. Depending on your program of study,  an additional background check may be required. Please note that certain  clinical sites require more frequent background checks and/or other clearance  requirements. Students are responsible for the cost of all clearance  requirements. Nursing students are required to complete both the DCF and FDLE  background checks.
          Successful completion of the MDC level two  background check process or completion of a MDC nursing/health sciences program  does not guarantee a graduate's eligibility for participation in the professional  credentialing process or for related employment. Credentialing agencies and  health care employers may have additional eligibility criteria not required by  an educational institution.
      Individuals who have been arrested or  convicted of any felony crime during the last 15 years are strongly urged to  inquire directly of the licensing board in the jurisdiction in which they  intend to practice.
All Medical Campus students must complete  the FDLE Waiver and Statement form. This form is to authorize dissemination to  Miami Dade College - Medical Campus of any national criminal history record  that may pertain to you.
          In addition, all program students must  complete a "background check" through the identified MDC agent and  must be cleared by the first day of class. Depending on your program of study,  an additional background check may be required. Please note that certain  clinical sites require more frequent background checks and/or other clearance  requirements. Students are responsible for the cost of all clearance  requirements. 
          Successful completion of the MDC level two  background check process or completion of a MDC nursing/health sciences program  does not guarantee a graduate's eligibility for participation in the  professional credentialing process or for related employment. Credentialing  agencies and health care employers may have additional eligibility criteria not  required by an educational institution.
      Individuals who have been arrested or  convicted of any felony crime during the last 15 years are strongly urged to  inquire directly of the licensing board in the jurisdiction in which they  intend to practice.



Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
