Each campus has a culture that is as diverse its student body. Each offers an opportunity for teamwork and leadership. Can't find a club that suits your interests? You can start a new organization from scratch.

To join or create a student organization please visit http://sharknet.mdc.edu
Among the possibilities are:
The Student Government Association is the voice of the student body and represents students' interests and concerns to the campus leadership. Through Student Government, students build leadership, organizational and communication skills. They also have the opportunity to represent the student body in campus, collage, and statewide meetings.

Metromorphosis, the award-winning literary and arts magazine at Wolfson Campus, showcases the creativity of our student body.

The Reporter is the student newspaper at Miami Dade College. All content is produced
                                by MDC students. The Reporter is a public forum of expression.

Get Involved
                            The Student Life Department is where you can obtain your student ID card (MDCard), parking
                            decals, applications for student organizations, activities calendars, intramurals and more.
                        

Location: Wolfson Campus, Room 2101 (next to Off the Grill)
Phone: 305-237-3536
Email: wstudentlife@mdc.edu
Hours:
                            Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m.
                            Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
                        
For Information regarding our Associations, Departmental Forms, and Staff. Please visit our Student Life page.
Pamela Alvarado
                                Director 
                                (305) 237-3875 
palvarad@mdc.edu

Woodlyne Julien
                                Specialist 
                                (305) 237-3489 
wjulien1@mdc.edu

 The Student Allocation and Programming Board (SAPB) allocates funds to different on-campus clubs and organizations to host live shows, book guest speakers and travel to seminars and conferences. The Student Allocation and Programming Board involves the student body in the allocation of the student activities' funds while promoting their involvement in the planning, implementation and evaluation of programs and activities. SAPB works with the leadership of Student Life. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
