West Campus serves Doral and surrounding areas, offering community education, corporate training, and courses leading to associate and bachelor's degrees.
Featuring an award-winning faculty in an epicenter of international trade, Miami Dade College's School of Business delivers top-notch education in a one-of-a-kind location.
We offer non-college credit courses for individuals who want to enrich their cultural experiences or
                                    improve their professional or occupational skills.
With a variety of strategically designed programs, we offer our students many paths to a rewarding career in shaping the young minds of the future through lifelong learning.
EnTec provides its students with unmatched opportunity and access to in-demand and exciting careers. The fields of technology and engineering touch our lives at nearly every moment of the day.
The Miami Dade College School of Entertainment and Design Technology offers training in a variety of exciting careers in creative industries such as computer animation, film production, graphic design, music business, TV production, web design and more.
The School of Justice at Miami Dade College is an internationally known public safety and educational training center. In addition to offering bachelor, associate and certificate programs, the School of Justice provides testing and training toward certification and licensing in various areas of public safety.
The School of Science builds a strong foundation in the study of natural sciences. Start your journey to an advanced degree or build your skills for the cutting-edge workplace. At the School of Science, you'll find innovative learning experiences that open doors to discovery and success.
The Liberal Arts Department offers courses in English, Communications, Humanities, Arts, Music, Mathematics, and Social and Behavioral Sciences.
The School Pathways Department helps students in Business, Science, Justice, Education, Engineering + Technology, and Entertainment and Design Technology programs.
Miami Dade College campuses offer more than 300 programs of study across several degree options, including
                            associate and bachelor degrees, certificate programs, vocational training, and non-credit courses.
                        
Our Learning Resources labs and centers can help you make the grade. Stop in for one-on-one help, computer
                            tutorials and more. 
Need to get in touch? Many of our offices are available to answer your questions over the phone or through
                            e-mail. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
