Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Health Information Technology program is designed to educate and prepare graduates with entry-level job skills. The Associate in Science degree in Health Information Technology engages students in healthcare, business, and the technology used in the industry.
Health Information Technology professionals are in demand in a variety of health care settings. They are experts in health data collection and analysis. Health information is an important communication tool between acute care facilities, extended care facilities, nursing homes, clinics, physicians and other health care providers. Health Information Technology professionals are medical language experts who interpret and process health information for research, data collection. Graduates with a health information technology degree have the skill sets and knowledge to work in over 76 different career options. Current and graduating students may sit for five different credentials.
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
The Medical Campus Health Information Program is a two-year course of study requiring 70 credits for an Associate in Science degree. A series of general education courses are associated with the Health Information Technology program at Miami Dade College. 
Please note that students entering an AAS, AS, AA, or Baccalaureate degree under the 2022-23 catalog year and thereafter must meet the new general education core course requirements prior to the award of the degree. This includes meeting the required Civic Literacy requirement before graduation.
It is recommended that students interested in this program complete these general education courses prior to requesting a milestone review and progressing to discipline courses to reduce the course workload each semester. Completion of these requirement courses does not guarantee progressing to discipline courses. Since knowledge of computer and current software in health care is required for health information professionals, management of computerized health information is emphasized in the curriculum. 
The Health Information Technology program is highly demanding and it is suggested that students should not work to enhance their success while in the program. If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week. Students should also consider family responsibilities before committing to a full-time accelerated program.  
Course work includes:

The Health Information Technology Program provides learning experiences that enable the student to acquire and assimilate the necessary technical competencies to function effectively as a supportive health care provider in the health information technology profession.
Students who pursue this course of study may find employment in a variety of medical settings, in job roles such as:

Health Information Technician
Medical Coder
Medical Biller
Documentation Specialist

Program Location

Accreditation Statement

The Health Information Management accreditor of Miami Dade College is the Commission on Accreditation for Health Informatics and Information Management Education (CAHIIM). The College’s accreditation for the Associate degree in Health Information Management has been reaffirmed through 2029. All inquiries about the program’s accreditation status should be directed by mail to CAHIIM, 200 East Randolph Street, Suite 5100, Chicago, IL, 60601; by phone at (312) 235-3255; or by email at info@cahiim.org
Student achievement outcomes:

2021-2022 Retention Rate: 92%
2021-2022 Graduation Rate: 100%
2021-2022 Employment Rate: 100%

Visit the Accreditation & Licensure page for more information.

Students who pursue this course of study may find employment in a variety of medical settings, in job roles such as:
The Health Information Management accreditor of Miami Dade College is the Commission on Accreditation for Health Informatics and Information Management Education (CAHIIM). The College’s accreditation for the Associate degree in Health Information Management has been reaffirmed through 2029. All inquiries about the program’s accreditation status should be directed by mail to CAHIIM, 200 East Randolph Street, Suite 5100, Chicago, IL, 60601; by phone at (312) 235-3255; or by email at info@cahiim.org
Visit the Accreditation & Licensure page for more information.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
