Today's workers change jobs and careers more frequently than their parents did. How do young workers make decisions and educational choices that will lead to the careers they want? 
With career assessment, exploration and planning you can:
Remember: 
Be sure to use the Career Exploration Resources to help you with your process.      
As we progress through life, we discover additional things about ourselves, such as a passion for a career we didn’t know we had or career choices we thought we would like but don’t. As a result, we want or need to change careers. It’s never too early to start that process.
Whether you are

  You should be exploring your career options now so that you can use your time in college to master and apply these key skills in your chosen career area:

Career exploration helps you
Once you have a clear idea of your career path, you can begin to think about the next steps.

Choosing a career is a complex process that takes time and attention. To be successful, you need to learn about your skills, interests, work-related values and personality type before you gather information about the careers you are considering. 
No one can tell you what career to choose. A counselor can help you formulate good questions and identify where to get answers. You will have to do your homework and make the final decision after considering everything you have learned.
A lot of people have turned their hobbies (music, video games, social media) into careers.  Consider turning something you love doing into a career.
Many people learn to be passionate about the work they are doing rather than finding a job they are passionate about. Watch Dirty Jobs host, Mike Row's video about passion.
Each year, different organizations predict what will be the hot / in-demand jobs. These lists change frequently and their predictions aren't always correct, but they may give you some ideas that you might not have thought about on your own.  
No question; you have to pay your bills, but once they are paid, more money won't necessarily make you happy. Many corporate executives have resigned their high paying jobs to work at much lower paying jobs that brought them more personal satisfaction.
The average person changes jobs 10-15 times, many changing the type of work they do, or even their career pathways when they change jobs.
Many of the skills that you acquire in one job can be transferred, or build on, sometimes easily, to another.
You are not your parents and you are not your friend. You may not enjoy doing the same type of work. It's much more rewarding to find something that's a good fit for you.
Once you choose a career you need to be proactive in developing a career action plan that will help you reach your goals. It's a lifelong journey.

It's true that there are things about a career that you won't know until you work in that occupation, but there are ways to make some informed decisions beforehand. What are your talents and skills? What do you enjoy doing? Are you willing to travel or even relocate? You can speak with individuals who already are in the career. Consider volunteering or interning in career areas that interest you.

Half of the US population over 25 has some college education and about 27% have Bachelor's degrees. More and more, a college degree is required for an entry level professional position, but it's not a guarantee of that dream job.
Promotion often requires changing companies or work settings and that change involves risk.  Promotion may mean administrative, supervisory or leadership, with greater responsibility and accountability.
Fewer than 10% of all employees stay with a company for more than 20 years. 
Many things determine our happiness. Even if we have a dream career, there is no guarantee of happiness. Unrealistic expectations can lead to career dissatisfaction.  
With today's evolving technologies and organizational restructurings, it is often necessary to be able to multitask and have expertise in multiple skill areas. 
Most students get the greatest benefit from career exploration by starting at the beginning. If you've done this process within the past couple of years, then find the step that matches where you are today.  Let's get going. 
Complete this Focus2 Activity
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
