Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
MDC's Associate in Science in Dental Hygiene prepares its graduates to become members of a dental health team dedicated to  helping individuals maintain oral health and prevent disease. 
A Dental  Hygienist is qualified by education and licensure to provide direct patient  care prescribed by the dentist, to remove deposits and stains from the teeth,  expose and develop dental x-ray films, and perform various other preventative  and therapeutic services related to oral health care. A Dental Hygienist  educates individuals and groups of patients in proper preventive measures and  explains the relationship between diet, smoking, general health and oral  health.                
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
Areas of study include:

Although the demand for dental services is growing, the number of new graduates from dental hygiene programs also has increased, resulting in more competition for jobs. Candidates can expect very strong competition for most full-time hygienist positions. Job seekers with previous work experience should have the best job opportunities. In addition, new dental hygiene-based workforce models are emerging and may provide additional opportunities for dental hygienists. Students who pursue this course of study may find employment in job roles such as:
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
