The MDC Board of Trustees  scholarship is awarded to students who are graduating with an Associate's  Degree and planning on pursuing a Bachelor's Degree. The scholarship is valued  at $5,000. Eight students are selected to receive the award - one from each  campus.
Eligibility Requirements:
Students must submit the following:
1.  An essay, at least 500 words on the following topic: "Explain your  long-range educational goals and write a brief statement as to why you deserve  the award for which you are applying"
2. Copy of your current Miami Dade College unofficial transcript
3. A resume
4. At least two letter(s) of recommendation addressed to the Miami Dade College  Board of Trustees Transfer Scholarship Committee. (One must be from a College  Faculty)
5. Proof of service hours completed
6. The completed EFC  Calculator for 2023-2024 if FAFSA is not on file
7. Proof of Admissions application sent to a senior institute or an acceptance  letter
Click here to apply 2024  MDC Board of Trustees Scholarship Application

If  have additional documents to submit with your application, please use the MDC  Board of Trustees Scholarship Additional Document Upload Form or  via mail to your campus Student Dean's  office.
        We encourage all applications to be  submitted electronically. The deadline to apply is March 21st, 2024.
The Fall 2024 & Spring 2025 MDC General Scholarship Application is now open! If you have any questions, please contact your campus financial aid office. The deadline is May 1st.
You will be asked a series of questions that will help us find the right MDC scholarship for you. The deadline is May 1st.
Did you just graduate high school and are entering college for the first time? These scholarships may be for you. Students can only receive 1 First Year Student Scholarship.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
