Make sure your initial career and educational choice(s) still make sense. Now is a good time to ask (and answer!) these questions, because you should be starting to get a feel for the subject matter in your courses.
Many people end up in a related field rather than the career they chose initially. Investigating your options is a good idea.
Most new students have assigned Advising & Career Services advisors at their home campuses to support in this process. Other students can make appointments to see advisors in Advising & Career Services. Your advisor is your partner in this process and will be able to point you towards other resources that can give you information about the typical educational requirements associated with certain jobs, the availability of those jobs in South Florida, the kind of salaries typically associated with those jobs, etc. Your advisor can highlight internship and work opportunities available to Miami Dade College students in your chosen career field.
Be sure to bring a copy of the Career Assessment Analysis or your Focus2 results with you.
Some questions to ask your advisor during your first semester/year include:
Your MAP (My Academic Plan) is a semester-by-semester plan that lists all the courses you need to take and the order you need to take them to complete your program in as little time and at as little cost as possible.
Your instructors have the best understanding of the career opportunities available in that field. Many of them spent time in those careers prior to coming to the college to teach. They've studied this field and can tell you what it's like. It will also help when the time comes to ask for letters of recommendation for internships, scholarships, and admission to transfer institutions.
Here are some questions to ask:
Another way to expand your learning experience at Miami Dade is to participate in a Community of Interest in your field. This will help you get to know other students and faculty in your program of study and give you opportunities for participating in events in your field, both on campus and in the community. For more information, visit the MDC Communities of Interest website.
Follow the “Other Useful Sites for Career Exploration & Job Searching” websites we have collected for you in order to make the best use of your career exploration time.
Complete this Focus2 Activity
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
