Explore. Exercise. Engage. These unique facilities enable North Campus to deliver a high-quality college experience that goes beyond the books.
Everything you need for a full-body workout. This spacious facility features a variety of cardio and strength-training equipment.
The center features a competition-size pool and a dive well, complete with an observation room and a unique car prop that enable search-and-rescue and waterborne-tactics training.
The home of the natural science department, the Science Complex features 21 state-of-the-art labs, a roof-top astronomy observation deck, and more.
Part of the state-of-the-art Science Complex, North Campus features a vast collection of palm trees, a greenhouse, and a botanical garden.
These labs allow School of Entertainment and Design Technology students to get hands-on experience. MDC-TV - the college's cable- and streaming-TV network trains students in a fully-operational studio
This 2,400 square-foot facility allows Fire Science students to get hands-on training in live-fire simulations.
Part of the School of Justice, the driving range is staffed by experienced current and retired police officers and provides vehicle training.
Truly a hidden gem, this 457-seat performing arts theater is built to accommodate a vast array of programming.
Blending sensory exploration and hands-on learning, this preschool provides a unique experience.
The center provides an optimal environment for a wide range of college placement, competency, and professional testing.
The Office of Campus Administration oversees Facilities Rental & Room Reservation for use of all athletic facilities, conference rooms, the William & Joan Lehman Theater, the Studio Theater and other facilities on the Campus for various events by external and internal groups.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
