Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Interested  in this program of study? Learn more about South Florida's employment picture  and explore career options when you pursue additional studies in this area.
The surgical  technologist in the first scrub role handles the instruments, supplies, and  equipment necessary during the surgical procedure. They have an understanding  of the procedure being performed and anticipate the needs of the surgeon. They  have the necessary knowledge and ability to ensure quality patient care during  the operative procedure and is constantly on vigil for maintenance of the  sterile field. 
                The surgical technologist in the second scrub role assists the  surgeon and/or surgical assistant during the operative procedure by carrying  out tasks including sponging, suctioning, cutting suture, holding retractors  and manipulating the endoscopic camera. This role is distinct from that of the  first scrub and surgical first assistant. The surgical technologist assisting  in circulating obtains additional instruments, supplies, and equipment  necessary while the surgical procedure is in progress. They monitor conditions  in the operating room and constantly assesses the needs of the patient and  surgical team.




The surgical technologist in the second scrub role assists the  surgeon and/or surgical assistant during the operative procedure by carrying  out tasks including sponging, suctioning, cutting suture, holding retractors  and manipulating the endoscopic camera. This role is distinct from that of the  first scrub and surgical first assistant. The surgical technologist assisting  in circulating obtains additional instruments, supplies, and equipment  necessary while the surgical procedure is in progress. They monitor conditions  in the operating room and constantly assesses the needs of the patient and  surgical team.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Apply  to earn six (6) College Credits towards a degree in Surgical Technology. 

  For more information, visit our industry certification page. 

Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
