Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Radiation Therapy program is designed to prepare students to function as a Radiation Therapist. The Radiation Therapist is a key member of the health care team that use various forms of radiation to treat cancer. Graduates will obtain extensive knowledge and cognitive skills needed to provide accurate treatment delivery and compassionate patient care. The educational process includes a close integration of classroom, laboratory, and clinical education.
American Registry of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT)
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
The Medical Campus Radiation Therapy Program is a two-year (6 semester) course, not including general education courses of study requiring 77 credits for an Associate in Science degree. After completion of the program, graduates will be eligible to sit for the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT) Board Exam to become Registered Radiation Therapist.

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
