Located in Little Havana, the   Padrón Campus
                                is home to a wide variety of course options, degree  offerings, and unique educational opportunities, such as the School of  Education, the Dual Language Honors College, and the Translation and  Interpretation Studies program. With hundreds of options available, you'll find  a course of study that's right for you. 
The Honors College brings together rigorous academics, global perspective, leadership experiences, and an experienced faculty to create a rich and distinguished learning experience. The Dual Language Honors College delivers that experience in both English and Spanish.
Miami Dade College’s School  of Education is a model for teacher education nationwide. Its  neuroscience-informed and research-driven curriculum prepares graduates to  become highly qualified and highly effective teachers with in-demand skills and  specializations. 
Featuring an award-winning faculty in an epicenter of international trade, Miami Dade College's School
                                    of Business delivers top-notch education in a one-of-a-kind location.
We offer non-college credit courses for individuals who want to enrich their cultural experiences or
                                    improve their professional or occupational skills.
EnTec provides its students with unmatched opportunity and access to in-demand and exciting careers. The fields of technology and engineering touch our lives at nearly every moment of the day. 
Offering a variety of degrees and certificate programs, the Miami Dade College School of Science builds a strong foundation in the study of natural sciences. Start your journey to an advanced degree or build your skills for the cutting-edge workplace. At the School of Science, you'll find innovative learning experiences that open doors to discovery and success. 
The first of its kind in the country, this program prepares students for high-demand jobs in translation or interpretation. It offers courses leading to an Associate in Science degree and two certificate options in Translation and Interpretation Studies in Spanish and English. 
The School of Justice at Miami  Dade College is an internationally known public safety and educational training  center. The AA with a Pathway to a Major in Criminal Justice Administration and  the College Credit Certificate in Homeland Security are available at the Padrón Campus.
The department offers credit  classes in English composition, speech, literature, humanities, and the arts  and opportunities to write for Urbana,  a student literary magazine. 
The department helps  students develop the ability to solve complex problems using math and reasoning  skills and increases student interest in math through the Math Club. 
The department offers  classes that help students develop the language and cultural skills required  for global citizenship and recognizes student achievement in language study  through the Alpha Mu Gamma Honors Society.
The department opens minds  to a new understanding of the world around us through a wide range of courses leading  to associate in arts or associate in science degrees and undergraduate research  opportunities.
Miami Dade College campuses offer more than 300 programs of study across several degree options, including
                            associate and bachelor degrees, certificate programs, vocational training, and non-credit courses.
                        
Our Learning Resources labs and centers can help you make the grade. Stop in for one-on-one help, computer
                            tutorials and more. 
Dual enrollment allows eligible high school students currently attending accredited Miami Dade County
                            public or private high schools, or home school to simultaneously enroll in a college course. 


Need to get in touch? Many of our offices are available to answer your questions over the phone or through
                            e-mail. 
Fast Track Sharks at the Padrón Campus is a unique program designed to help incoming freshman transition to college by providing a strong academic foundation, individualized advisement, and a supportive learning environment. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
