TechHire is a U.S. DOL ETA H-1B Job Training grant program to train unemployed and underemployed youth and young adults to fill high-skill, high-wage (HSHW) jobs in technology.
The grant program was developed given the growing need for high-skilled workers and reliance on H-1B visas to fill in-demand jobs in the U.S.
What does the MDC TechHire program offer to participants?
What TechHire programs are available at Miami Dade College?
Participants can choose from:
Where are MDC TechHire courses offered?
MDC TechHire courses are offered at these campuses: North, Kendall, Wolfson, Medical, Padrón.
This workforce product was funded by a grant awarded by the U.S. Department of Labor's Employment and Training Administration. The product was created by the recipient and does not necessarily reflect the official position of the U.S Department of Labor. The Department of Labor makes no guarantees, warranties, or assurances of any kind, express or implied, with respect to such information, including any information on linked sites and including, but not limited to, accuracy of the information or its completeness, timeliness, usefulness, adequacy, continued availability, or ownership. This product is copyrighted by the institution that created it.
Are you 18-29 years old, have a High School diploma or GED and are a resident of Miami Dade County? If your answer is yes to all three, you may be the right candidate for this program. Find out more by clicking the button below.
Get Started
Wolfson Campus
 Room 5501-10
     Phone: 305-237-7260

E-mail: techhire@mdc.edu
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
