Search and apply for student employment opportunities on and off campus available under the Federal Work-Study Program, American Reads, Federal Community Service and Institutional Work Study.
Search Work Study Job Listings
Apply for off campus part-time jobs, earn market level salaries and obtain experience in your field of study.
Apply for FWEP Jobs Now
International Students (students on an F1 Visa) interested in working on campus should contact their campus International Students Office for specific instructions and information on pertinent requirements.
On-campus positions to assist departments with clerical work and other duties as assigned.
On-and off-campus positions designed to serve the community. This program includes working with local non-profits tackling community issues (Civic Leadership Fellows Program), providing literacy tutoring to children, and other opportunities in the public interest.
                  Fill out the student interest form.

Fill out the student interest form.
On- and off-campus positions which complement and reinforce the students' educational and career goals. Off-campus positions available with a host of participating employers in the community.
On-campus positions designed to assist those students who do not meet the eligibility criteria for the Federal Work Study or FWEP. International students who are seeking on-campus jobs often use this program.
Find out more about the Florida Work Experience Program (FWEP) - PDF.
Watch our "6 Good Things You Need to Know about Federal Work-Study" video.
Miami Dade College is proud to partner with EnGen, a based English learning platform to offer, free, personalized, and career-focused English training. 75+ courses to help you prepare for the jobs of the future.
EnGen platform information: Contact Gabriela Griffin - ggriffi1@mdc.edu - 305-237-7489
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
