Goals, Objectives and metrics
GOAL 1
 REIMAGINING FOR STUDENT SUCCESS
GOAL 2

                                ACCELERATING ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE & INNOVATION
                            
GOAL 3

                                VALUING A CULTURE OF CARE TO ADVANCE STUDENT OUTCOMES
                            
GOAL 4
FUELING THE TALENT NEEDS OF A GLOBAL ECONOMY
GOAL 5
SECURING OUR FUTURE
FOSTERING A CULTURE OF EXCELLENCE AND INNOVATION IN TEACHING, LEARNING AND SERVICE
Miami Dade College offers pathways to the American dream. Graduating from college directly benefits the student, their immediate family, and can make an intergenerational impact by elevating earnings, and raising educational expectations. Additionally, MDC helps individuals develop into engaged global citizens and leaders who go on to make a positive difference in our community, state, and nation. MDC is dedicated to ensuring that each student has the opportunity to pursue a college education at an affordable cost, develop their talents and skills to be workforce ready, and graduate in a timely manner.
                
Our aim is to help additional community members have clearly defined paths to prosperity. We will expand guided pathways, personalize advising, and leverage technology to increase student completion, transfer, and career advancement. MDC will partner to strengthen alignments between program offerings and changing labor market needs. This includes developing new programs and continuously improving existing offerings. MDC is committed to talent development and training Miami’s future technology workforce.
                
2.1 	  Enhance student transitions across the education pipeline through certificates, badges, industry certificates and workforce training programs to increase formal recognition of skill attainment and degree completion. 
                    
2.2 	  Establish MDC as the leader in the future of work and life-long learning, and a talent engine through high quality, robust offerings for all learnings. 
                    
2.3 	  Prioritize teaching and learning innovations and ensure that programs and course curriculum and offerings are agile, market-aligned and lead to high demand, high wage jobs. 
                    
2.4 	  Implement equity-minded, student centered high impact teaching strategies that promote student success and learning outcomes.
                    
1 	  Number of industry certifications 
2 	  Number of certificates earned
3 	  Number of degrees earned
4 	  Prior learning assessment counts
5 	  Dual enrollment counts 
6 	  Active Business Advisory Councils 
7 	  Earnings for AS and BAS graduates 
8 	  Number of partnerships and MOU’s 
The following PDF document for the Strategic Plan is currently going through an ADA remediation process. Please check back for an updated version.
Download Full Plan (PDF)
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
