Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
To be eligible to request a milestone review for the Medical Assisting Program, you must complete the following steps to become an active Miami Dade College student:
Step 1. Be 18       years old and have earned, or will earn at the time of enrollment into the       program, a high school diploma or a high school equivalency diploma (GED).
Step 2. Apply to MDC. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami Dade College application.
Step 3. Send Transcripts from your high school and previously attended colleges/universities as applicable. 
Step 4. Meet with a Medical Campus Advisor to discuss program requirements and milestone checkpoints.
Step 5. Visit Medical Campus Program Requirements web page to request a milestone review.
 
This program is  competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
      Step 1: Apply to MDC as a Post-Secondary Adult Vocational Student. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or  haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami  Dade College application.
Step 2: Visit Medical  Campus Program Admission web page to submit program application. 
Introduction to Healthcare (HSC 0003) Waiver Process
      Under certain conditions you may be eligible to apply for an exemption.
      Questions About This or Other Programs at the Medical Campus?
      Call 305-237-4141 or email: madvisement@mdc.edu.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
