Home / Carmen Staaf

            FALL 2023
            Wednesday, October 11
            Noon
            Wolfson Auditorium, Room 1261.
Watch the Livestream
Herbie Hancock calls Carmen Staaf “a consummate jazz pianist with equal talent in composition, orchestration and arranging.” Currently pianist and musical director for NEA Jazz Master Dee Dee Bridgewater, Staaf has performed on recordings with many artists, including Natalie Merchant (Keep Your Courage) and Lila Downs (Pecados Y Milagros). She was a fellow at the prestigious Thelonious Monk Institute, where she studied with Wayne Shorter and Herbie Hancock. A Yamaha Artist, Staaf has played at venues including Carnegie Hall, Kennedy Center, Newport and Monterey Jazz Festivals, Playboy Jazz Festival, International Jazz Days in Paris and the White House and throughout Europe, Latin America, Morocco, India and Japan.
Staaf has been a DownBeat Rising Star Pianist for the last two years. She and drummer Allison Miller released their duo album Nearness in 2022 to wide critical acclaim, including selection as one of DownBeat’s “Best of 2022.” Staaf is a faculty member at The New School, Stanford Jazz Workshop and Litchfield Jazz Camp. 
All concerts are free and open to the public. Live performances will take place at Wolfson Campus Auditorium, 300 N.E. Second Ave., Miami, FL 33132. Building 1, Room 1261. All performances will be livestreamed, except for those occurring on Tuesdays.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
