Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Physical Therapist  Assistant Program at Miami Dade College prepares students for employment in hospitals, rehabilitation centers, nursing  homes, private practices or other qualified health agencies. 
Graduates will  work under the direction and supervision of a physical therapist (PT) in the  promotion of optimal human health and function through the application of  scientific principles to prevent, identify, correct or alleviate acute or  prolonged physical impairments, functional limitations, and disability. 
A pioneer in the field, Miami Dade College graduated the nation’s first Physical Therapist Assistants in 1969. Today, we are a leader in the education of PTAs – the continuation of a proud legacy we began in 1967.
                
This program can also be completed in five semesters.
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
Our students are provided  with the latest technologies to support their success. All technical phase  courses (PHT) are web enhanced via a learning management system (Blackboard).  The majority of the lectures are recorded using lecture capture. This allows  students to view and listen to the lecture as many times as needed at home or  on the go. We also have hundreds of videos that support learning laboratory  skills. Students are also exposed to Service Learning allowing them to learn as they provide essential assistance to the community.
To facilitate the clinical portion of the program, students are assigned to a clinical facility within Miami Dade County. Students are responsible for their own transportation to the campus and to various agencies in the community to which they are assigned for clinical experiences.  Students are also responsible to adhere to their clinical instructor’s schedule within their required clinical hours. 

                  Our dedicated faculty has over 25 years of teaching and clinical experience in  a variety of settings in physical therapy. They are one of the strengths of our  program. 
                
This program provides course work in a number of areas: 

 Clinical internship is conducted in local health care facilities under the  direction and supervision of a qualified physical therapist (PT) and physical  therapist assistant (PTA). Students who pursue this course of study may find employment in job roles such as: 
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions

Download our Financial Fact Sheet
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
