Located on 245 acres in northern Miami-Dade County, North Campus was the College's first. It is home to a variety of academic and career training programs and also houses several unique programs.
The School of Justice at Miami Dade College is an internationally known public safety and educational training center. In addition to offering bachelor, associate and certificate programs, the School of Justice provides testing and training toward certification and licensing in various areas of public safety.
The School of Science builds a strong foundation in the study of natural sciences. Start your journey to an advanced degree or build your skills for the cutting-edge workplace. At the School of Science, you'll find innovative learning experiences that open doors to discovery and success.
The Miami Dade College School of Entertainment and Design Technology offers training in a variety of exciting careers in creative industries such as computer animation, film production, graphic design, music business, TV production, web design and more.
We offer non-college credit courses for individuals who want to enrich their cultural experiences or
                                    improve their professional or occupational skills.
The Arts & Philosophy Department aims to enrich students' cultural and intellectual interests, offering courses in humanities, philosophy, ethics, art, dance, music, and theatre. 
Explore living organisms and their relationship to their environment, health and wellness, and more. Our cutting-edge labs are designed for hands-on experience and interactive learning.
Featuring an award-winning faculty in an epicenter of international trade, the Business Department delivers top-notch education in a one-of-a-kind location.
Gain a new understanding of the world around you through the prisms of astronomy, chemistry, earth science, meteorology, oceanography, physics and physical science.
From nuclear engineering to information technology, the Engineering and Technology Department provides knowledge, skill, and hands-on training in a variety of cutting-edge, in-demand industries.
Through courses in composition, journalism, speech, literature and Sign Language Interpretation, the English and Communications department helps students to develop the skills necessary for effective and accurate communication: thinking critically and creatively, reading analytically and articulating ideas clearly and effectively.
The World Languages department offers a comprehensive series of English as a Second Language and foreign language courses, helping students develop their listening, speaking, reading, and writing abilities.
As one of the few programs accredited by the American Board of Funeral Service Education, Miami Dade College's Funeral Service program is committed to providing affordable, curriculum-rich, and ethical funeral services education.
The Math Dept offers a wide range of courses to prepare students for success in many different fields.
Through an appreciation of the performing arts, the Music, Theatre and Dance Department develops skilled, talented artists as well as a well-rounded, culturally aware student body.
Offering an Associate of Science degree in Sign Language Interpretation, this department seeks to develop the skills necessary to interpret the communications between deaf or hard-of-hearing persons and hearing individuals in an effective manner.
The Social Sciences Department Offers associate in arts degrees in the theoretical social sciences of anthropology, history, political science, psychology, and sociology.
Miami Dade College campuses offer more than 300 programs of study across several degree options, including
                            associate and bachelor degrees, certificate programs, vocational training, and non-credit courses.
                        
Our Learning Resources labs and centers can help you make the grade. Stop in for one-on-one help, computer
                            tutorials and more. 
Need to get in touch? Many of our offices are available to answer your questions over the phone or through
                            e-mail. 
The Fast Track Sharks at the North Campus is a unique program designed to help incoming freshman transition to college by providing a strong academic foundation, individualized advisement, and a supportive learning environment.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
