Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Audio Technology Program is an intensive practical and theoretical training program that focuses on the foundation of sound engineering, designed to prepare students to become successful in today’s commercial sound recording industry in as little as 12 months. 
Strong core courses in sound synthesis, audio production, digital audio workstations, and electronics, are taught in state-of-the-art facilities with superb equipment. This program offers students the opportunity to learn both the technical and creative components of audio recording to prepare them for the job market.
This certificate program requires fewer credits than an A.S. degree and functions as an entry-level credential when entering the workforce. College credits granted with this certificate apply toward a related A.S. degree. Students may stack credentials to advance toward a higher degree level. 
The music business faculty  possesses outstanding academic credentials a wealth of experience as industry  professionals. Collectively, they help to fully prepare each student for entry  into the music industry, providing a strong, state-of-the-art foundation for a  successful and rewarding career.
SEDT's Music Business  programs offer students hands-on experience and a solid academic background.  The multiple labs/studios contain over 50 networked music workstations (DAW),  industry standard controller keyboards, sound modules, digital-audio workstations,  software and computers. 
These state-of-the-art music business/production labs  and recording studios provide the ideal instructional settings for MIDI, sound  recording, mix-down, multi-track production, music business, music electronics,  and commercial music performance. 

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
