Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Solar energy is a free renewable energy source that is available practically everywhere around the world.  Solar based energy systems are clean, green solutions, and have become a competitive source of electricity available to residential or commercial users.  The rapid rate of innovation made in this sector will continue to improve the efficiency and lower the cost of the solar based energy systems. Improvements in battery technology and the lowering costs have the potential to further increase the adoption rate and proliferation of solar PV installations.
The College Credit Certificate (CCC) in Solar Energy Systems Specialist trains students in how to design and install Solar Photo-Voltaic and Solar thermal systems panels in both commercial and private environments. Students will receive a wide-range of classroom and hands-on training that will provide them with the education and knowledge of Grid connected and off-Grid solar power systems, home based and commercial installations, solar thermal systems (hot water), and solar water pumping.
                
Students explore solar energy as a resource that can be used to help reduce dependence on non-renewable fuel sources. Students will gain experience with the basics of solar energy systems including the economics, design, site and electrical safety, mounting, National Electrical Codes, troubleshooting and maintenance.  This program is in line with the Electronics Technician Association (ETA) and will cover aspects of the North American Board of Certified Energy Practitioners (NABCEP) exam.
                Program areas of study include:

Students in the CCC in Solar Energy Systems Specialist will acquire the skill-set necessary to fill a growing need for trained professionals that can design and install Photo-Voltaic (PV) panels and solar thermal systems in both commercial and private environments. Students will receive a wide-range of classroom and hands-on training that will provide them with knowledge of on and off-grid solar power systems. Skills learned include:
As demand on the traditional electric grid continues to rise with the introduction of electric vehicles, alternative forms of power production, including solar, are expected to increase to cover the shortfall. 
                The CCC in Solar Energy Specialist will prepare students for career opportunities such as:
                
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
