Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Miami Dade College’s experienced instructors can teach you to install and configure routers and switches made by the worldwide leader in network technology, Cisco Systems. Better yet, you can learn these advanced skills in just two semesters. You will learn in hands-on, instructor-led classes with access to state-of-the-art computer workstations and Cisco network equipment. 
This comprehensive program starts with the basics of networking and moves on to advanced concepts, culminating in a project-based learning course where you will design and configure a complex network. Upon completion of the program, you’ll receive a Miami Dade College certificate and a discount voucher for the Cisco CCNA Certification Exam. To begin, students only need a basic understanding of computers and the ability to use the internet. Course material covers:

Computer networks are an important part of everyday life and demand for skilled workers is expected to grow much faster than the average for all occupations. Trends in health care and mobile technologies are driving growth in this field. While opportunities exist for workers with job experience, candidates with certifications are much more likely to attain employment. Most graduates of Miami Dade College’s certificate programs are gainfully employed in their chosen field, making MDC a great choice for your education.
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
