Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
MDC Online courses require proctored midterm and/or final exams during specified testing dates.
The course material will indicate the window of time students have to take the required proctored exams in each course.
Review the dates of your proctored assessment. | Test Your Equipment for ProctorU
ProctorU – Local and Out of Area Students (Required) 
Effective Fall 2022: MDC Online students will be responsible for paying ProctorU and remote testing fees.
Exams begin at $18.50| $3.00 premium fee* ProctorU Student Checklist
Do not wait to schedule your appointment!
            Review the information for ProctorU on the Remote  Testing website. 
Exams are usually posted about 10 days before an exam window begins.

Important 
            Students must schedule their ProctorU appointments as soon as possible—appointment time slots fill quicklyand become increasingly limited as theexam window closes (9:30 p.m. ET on the last day of the assigned exam window).If the desired appointment time is unavailable,studentswill need to choose a different available appointment time slot. The ProctorU Support Team and MDC Online will not be able to override appointment times in the system.
Appointments are strongly recommended for any student who is interested in taking their exams at a campus testing center. Schedule an appointment through the MDC Testing  Center website. 
MDC Testing Center Student Checklist
MDC has eight testing center locations available for MDC Online students to select the most convenient time and place to test.
All students are required to bring the proper identification to take any exam. Only students taking tests are permitted in the testing center. Do not bring children to the testing center.
Plan to arrive at least 10 minutes before the last check-in time. You will not be allowed to take your test if you are late. Students with testing concerns must contact the professor. Testing center staff  are not authorized to make changes, give time extensions or answer questions about proctored exams.
 Hours:
        Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. ET
        Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. ET
 Login to Canvas
 Live Chat Support
The Student Support Center can help resolve technical issues and answer questions about current and future courses and semesters. Current and prospective students can submit a ticket by emailing online@mdc.edu and will receive a response from the Student Support team.
For more information and assistance, please contact our Student Support Center:
Phone:305-237-3800
Email Us:online@mdc.edu
Schedule an Appointment:
Set up an appointment to meet with an MDC Online Student Support Team Member
Hours:
			Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET
			Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
