
The Medical Campus of Miami Dade College has been recognized as a Skin Smart Campus by The National Council on Skin Cancer Prevention. Ensuring the well-being of our students, we are providing a safe and healthy learning and living environment on and off campus, pledging to keep indoor tanning devices off our campus and our affiliated buildings. We also promote skin cancer prevention policies and education.
        
As future medical professionals, it is important to gain awareness of warning signs for skin cancer as well as steps for prevention. The more knowledge you have, the more you can share with colleagues as you start working in your field.  You can be leaders and role models as you move into your careers.  
The Indoor Tan-Free Skin Smart Campus Initiative is sponsored by the National Council on Skin Cancer Prevention  in response to the 2014 U.S. Surgeon General’s Call to Action to Prevent Skin Cancer  which concluded that there is a strong association between increased risk of skin cancer and indoor tanning use.      
Source - https://uihc.org/health-topics/what-difference-between-uva-and-uvb-rays
FALSE. Naturally dark people are at a lower risk of skin cancer than those who are fair-toned, however this does not mean they are not at risk. Darker skin people should still protect themselves and realize that their malignant moles are often not detected until the later stages of cancer. This can be even more dangerous because the earlier you detect skin cancer, the better your chance of survival.
FALSE. The sun can still cause long-term damage to your skin even under the “protection” of clouds. 
FALSE.
                Exposure to ultraviolet light from tanning beds can cause sunspots, freckles, and wrinkles. One in every five Americans develop skin cancer due to this exposure.
FALSE.
               Dermatologists have found that even brief exposure to the sun throughout the years can add up. Even just walking from the parking lot of a store, opening your windows, or having your sunroof open can expose your skin to the damaging UV rays of the sun. Keep in mind that the peak sun hours you should be most aware of is during 10am-4pm everyday.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
