 
Effective July 1, 2014, and applicable Fall Term 2014 and thereafter, House Bill 7015 [amended section (s.) 1009.26, Florida Statutes (F.S.), fee waivers] created the Congressman C.W. Bill Young Veteran Tuition Waiver Program, which authorized an out-of-state fee waiver for honorably discharged veterans of the United States (U.S.) Armed Forces, U.S. Reserve Forces or the National Guard who physically reside in Florida.
Please note: Receipt of this out-of-state tuition waiver does NOT constitute classification as a Florida resident for tuition purposes. Students who receive this waiver remain classified as non-Florida residents for tuition purposes.  Residency for tuition purposes must be determined before this waiver is applied (if all eligibility criteria are met).  This waiver will cover the applicable portion of the out-of-state fees up to 110 percent of the required credit hours for the degree or certificate program in which the student is enrolled.
Submit a completed out-of-state waiver  form with the appropriate documentation prior  to the first day of classes for each term for which the  out-of-state waiver is sought. Please refer to the MDC  Academic Calendar, to determine the first day of classes for upcoming  terms. 
Please contact the Campus Admissions and Registration Office of your choice for further information and assistance.
You can now complete and submit your Florida residency declaration for tuition purposes online.
Submit your information now


If you already started filling out your form and saved your progress you may continue here.
Understanding your fees and costs
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
