Wolfson Campus President

                        Previous to her work at MDC, she served as Chief Diversity Officer, Vice  Provost, and Professor of Counseling at the University of La Verne in  California. As Vice Provost, she supported teaching and learning with  responsibility for sponsored research, community engaged learning, faculty  development, student affairs, library & learning resources, career  services, tutoring services, and advisement & registration. As Chief  Diversity Officer, Dr. González led advocacy, education, and policy development  for an inclusive, equitable and enriched campus experience. 

                        Dr. González was the Vice President for Planning and Enrollment at St. Thomas  University, Florida. While at STU, she also served as an academic dean, a  presidential chief of staff, and faculty member for graduate counseling  programs. As Vice President, Dr. González was responsible for institutional  research and strategic planning, enrollment, marketing and communications,  student affairs, and athletics. 

                        Dr. González is an American Council on Education (ACE) Fellow, an E. Kika De La  Garza Fellow, and was the recipient of the 2017 Woman of Distinction Award for  California's 41st Assembly District for her efforts in promoting educational  access and quality. Dr. González is a member of the National Advisory Council  for the National Conference on Race and Ethnicity (NCORE). 
                        Her expertise has been sought by the  Metropolitan Universities Journal as guest editor, The Campaign for College Opportunity  as report reviewer, Ellucian and Excelencia in Education as a leadership and  strategy speaker, and the Alliance of Hispanic Serving Institution Educators  and the American Academic Leadership Institute as a presidential panelist. 
With published works related to cultural  competence, equity, assessment, and leadership, 
                            Dr. González is a Licensed Mental Health  Counselor (LMHC) in the State of Florida. She holds a Bachelor's in English, a  Master's in Counseling, and a Ph.D. in Leadership and Education, with a  concentration in Counseling. Prior to her work in higher education, Dr.  González was a certified teacher and counselor, serving Miami Dade County  Public Schools for a decade.
Visit the Wolfson Campus Website.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
