Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
To be eligible for admission to Miami Dade College and to request a milestone review for the Paramedic Program at the Medical Campus, you must complete the following steps:
Step 1. Be 18       years old and have earned, or will earn at the time of enrollment into the       program, a high school diploma or a high school equivalency diploma (GED).
Step 2. Apply to MDC. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami Dade College application.
Step 3. Send Transcripts from your high school and previously attended colleges/universities as applicable. 
Step 4. Meet with a Medical Campus Advisor to determine if you must take the (P.E.R.T.) Postsecondary Education Readiness Test or if you have exemption status from test.
Step 5. Have earned a cumulative Grade Point Average (GPA) of a least 2.0 on a scale of 4.0 on any college-level courses you have taken.
Step 6. Complete the EMT Basic Knowledge Exam which will be utilized to rank students for progression into the discipline courses. Students should fill out Paramedic Entry Test Request Form, and await contact from the Testing Department for appointment confirmation.
Step 7. Complete and submit the  Paramedic Entrance Packet by completing the Paramedic Selection Packet 
Please note that this program is a limited  access program.  Meeting program  requirements does not guarantee students will progress to the discipline  courses. For this reason, the criteria below are utilized to determine which students  will progress. Please note that there is no waiting list. 
To be eligible to progress into the  Paramedic program, all students must come to the  Medical Campus, Emergency Medical Services Department with the completed  Paramedic selection packet. Only those students with a completed  Paramedic Selection Packet will be considered for progression into the  paramedic program.

                  The  Medical Campus is located at:   
                  Miami Dade College
                  950 N.W. 20 Street 
                  Miami, FL 33127
                
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Step 1: Apply to MDCRemember to apply for Financial Aid also. 
Step 2: Visit Medical Campus Program Requirements to request a Milestone Review
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
