Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
 MDC’s Bachelor of Science in Cybersecurity is validated by the National Security Agency (NSA) based on the program’s rigorous curriculum standards and academic delivery excellence. The program equips students with cutting-edge knowledge, hands-on skills and industry certifications to meet the increasing workforce demands of South Florida employers and beyond.
The program was built following the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education framework and the NSA guidelines. The program also combines input from experts in cybersecurity and hands-on training with real attacks at the College’s state-of-the-art Cybersecurity Center.
According to the Cybersecurity Workforce study, there is a global shortage of roughly 4 million cybersecurity professionals. Florida and the nation as a whole are experiencing a shortage in tech talent in all areas of technology. 
The median salary for a Security Analyst in South Florida is $89,754 according to Burning Glass 
The curriculum includes preparation for these certifications: Certified Ethical Hacker, Certified Information Security Manager, Certified Incident Handler, Computer Hacking Forensics Investigator
The program’s comprehensive curriculum includes coursework in ethical hacking, information security management, network defense, penetration testing, computer forensics, risk management and ethics in cybersecurity
The program was built with input from experts in cybersecurity and hands-on training with real attack at the College’s state-of-the-art Cybersecurity Center of the Americas 
The program’s comprehensive curriculum includes coursework in ethical hacking, information security management, network defense, penetration testing, computer forensics, risk management and ethics in cybersecurity. This compilation coupled with general education courses will provide you with the critical thinking, and analytical and technical skills needed to execute security measures to protect an organization from the growing threats of infiltrations and cyberattacks. 

Miami Dade College is designated as a National Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense (CAE-CD) by the NSA. The designation includes NSA's validation of the Bachelor of Science in Cybersecurity between 2024 and 2029
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
As a benefit of the Bachelor of Science in  Cybersecurity, MDC has agreements in place with other institutions that give  graduates the opportunity to advance to a Master's degree and possibly complete  it in one year:
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
