Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The nuclear medicine technology program at Miami Dade College is accredited by the Joint Review
                Committee on Educational Programs in Nuclear Medicine Technology (JRCNMT), 820 W. Danforth
                Rd, #B1 / Edmond, OK 73003; phone 405-285-0546; mail@jrcnmt.org; www.jrcnmt.org. 
                This
                program is currently on probation but it is accredited. For more information go to JRCNMT online
                directory of accredited programs and read the accreditation letter linked to the program’s directory                listing (https://www.jrcnmt.org/find-a-program/). 
                Implications of attending a program that is on 
                probation are available at https://www.jrcnmt.org/students/program-on-probation-faqs/.

Program graduates are eligible to apply to sit for the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists Examination in Nuclear Medicine and the Nuclear Medicine Exam through the Nuclear Medicine Technology Certification Board.    
Additionally, graduates are eligible to apply for a Nuclear Medicine Technologist license in the state of Florida which is required for employment. Applications are provided to the students in the last semester of the program. 
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
