This program  is part of the English and Communications Department.  The mission of our Developmental Education  Program is to equip our students with the necessary communication skills to  become successful students and lifelong contributors to our community.  Our program is designed to promote the  development of cognitive and practical skills for the adult learner.  We offer courses in reading and English to  help students build their skills in essential areas of study to prepare them to  navigate their college classes and careers successfully. 
We offer  four 4-credit courses comprised of two mandatory components: lecture and  lab.  Developmental Education Lab for  Reading and Writing.  Special fee.  Prerequisites – placement test scores or  departmental permission.
ENC  0015 - Developmental Education Writing 1 (PDF)
                Addresses sentence and paragraph  development using standard edited American English.
ENC  0025 - Developmental Education Writing 2 (PDF)
                Addresses sentence, paragraph, and  essay development using standard edited American English.
REA  0007 - Developmental Education Reading 1 (PDF)
                Builds vocabulary skills, literal  and critical comprehension skills, and successful reading strategies. 
REA  0017 -Developmental Education Reading 2 (PDF)
                Builds vocabulary skills, literal  and critical comprehension skills, and successful reading strategies. 
We also  offer a 3-credit course.  Special  permission is required.
ENC 0027 - Introduction to College  Writing through Reading (PDF)
                Introduces students to college level composition and reading.  Students will use the writing process to  compose effective sentences, paragraphs, and essays using standard edited  American English in response to various reading materials.  Students will demonstrate proficiency in  literal and critical comprehension by using a variety of reading  strategies.  
We are  committed to delivering the highest level of education to our students.  Our instruction is based on sound pedagogical  principles and research in developmental studies.


