Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q. What is Respiratory Care?
A. Respiratory Care is a health care profession that deals with the prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation of lung disorders.  Respiratory Therapists are an essential member of the health care team and are in great demand nationwide.

Q.When do discipline courses and what is the target review date for the program?
A. The program starts in Fall (August) only. The target review date is May 1st.

Q. What are the milestone requirements?
A. To progress to discipline courses, students must have completed, or be enrolled in, ENC 1101 at the time of the request for milestone review. However, the selection of students that will progress to discipline courses is based on the number of required general education and natural science courses completed at the time of program selection.

Q. What are the selection criteria?
A. Because enrollment is limited in this program, selection criteria is based on the number of required general education and natural science courses completed at the time of program selection with top priority given to students that have completed all of the required general education and natural sciences courses.  Additionally, GPA and Florida residency status are included into the selection process.

Q. Can I request a milestone review if I have not completed all of the general education and natural science courses?
A. You can request a milestone review before completing these courses. However, selection will be based on the number of courses completed. You are encouraged to complete all of the non-discipline courses to increase your chances of progression into the discipline courses of the program.

Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. You will earn an Associate in Science degree in Respiratory Care in approximately two years.  This will qualify you to participate in the credentialing process offered by the National Board for Respiratory Care to become a Certified Respiratory Therapist or Registered Respiratory Therapist, and/or a certified Pulmonary Function Technologist.

Q. What are the hours of the program?
A. The program classes are offered weekdays from approximately 8:00 – 3:00pm. Clinical courses are scheduled from 7:00 a.m.to 3:00 p.m.
                  

Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
A. Employment is not encouraged but you should be able to work about 15- 20 hours per week without jeopardizing your course grades. Students must earn at least a final grade of “C” or better to continue in the program.

Q. Do you assist with job placement after graduation?
A. The Medical Campus does not provide job placement.  Through the Career Center located in the New Student Center on the Medical Campus, graduates may review employment opportunities that have been forwarded to the Career Center.

Q. Do I need to take a test to work in this profession after graduation?
A. To work in Respiratory Care, a license is required in the state of Florida. This license requires that you pass the National Board for Respiratory Care exam as a Certified Respiratory Therapist or Registered Respiratory Therapist.

Q. What is the approximate annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. In the South Florida area, entry-level graduates may expect to earn an annual salary of $37,000 - $50,000 if employed full-time in a hospital setting. This does not include a sign-on bonus, benefits overtime or shift work.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
