Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
To be eligible for admission to Miami Dade College and to request a milestone review for the Pharmacy Technician Program, you must complete the following steps:
Step 1. Be 18       years old and have earned, or will earn at the time of enrollment into the       program, a high school diploma or a high school equivalency diploma (GED).
Step 2. Apply to MDC. If you have never taken classes or have not been enrolled at Miami Dade College during the past 12 months, complete an Application for Admission or Readmission to Vocational Credit Courses. Complete the College application.
Step 3. Send Transcripts from your high school and previously attended colleges/universities as applicable. 
Step 4. Meet with a Medical Campus Advisor to discuss program requirements and milestone checkpoints.
Step 5. Visit Medical Campus Program Requirements web page to request a milestone review.
This is a Vocational Credit Certificate program that is a 2-3 semester course of study requiring 35 vocational credits (1050 contact hours). In addition to the required courses, students are also required to take and pass the T.A.B.E. before graduation:
To facilitate the clinical portion of the program, students are assigned to a clinical facility within Miami Dade County. Students are responsible for their own transportation to the campus and to various agencies in the community to which they are assigned for clinical experiences.
                Students enrolled in the clinical portion of the program are required to complete the Miami
                Dade College Student Health Record and criminal background check process.
              
Enrollment in the program is limited. Meeting the program requirements does not guarantee progression into the discipline courses. For this reason, the  following selection criteria are used to determine which students will progress. Please note that there is no waiting list.
Final selection will be based on the submission of all required  documents received at the mandatory program orientation session.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
      Step 1: Apply to MDC as a Post-Secondary Adult Vocational Student. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or  haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami  Dade College application.
Step 2: Visit Medical  Campus Program Admission web page to submit program application. 
Introduction to Healthcare (HSC 0003) Waiver Process
      Under certain conditions you may be eligible to apply for an exemption.
      Questions About This or Other Programs at the Medical Campus?
      Call 305-237-4141 or email: madvisement@mdc.edu.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
