Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
As recently reported by major news outlets, Florida is facing serious teacher shortages in nearly all school districts across the state. Shortages now also extend to elementary education, which had historically been the easiest jobs to fill. School districts are ramping up recruitment efforts to meet their growing needs. The likelihood of immediate employment upon graduation is high and your degree from MDC's state-approved teacher education program will put you at a great advantage.
MDC's School of Education offers a state-approved Bachelor of Science program in Exceptional Student Education (K-12). The degree trains teachers to work with children with disabilities who need specially designed instruction and related services. Graduates of the program are eligible for Florida Professional Teacher Certification in ESE, Reading, and ESOL. 


Hallmarks of our programs include a focus on education neuroscience, research-based best practices in teaching and learning, differentiated instruction, technology for teaching and learning, and extensive clinical experience that bridges theory and practice.

The U.S. Department of Education projects a shortage of skilled teachers in the coming years. Graduates of this program will be extremely well positioned for employment in the field, whether in the state of Florida or nationwide. This degree leads to multiple teaching opportunities in education centers and public/private schools.

Nearly 100% of our graduates find employment in the field.
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
 Kendall: 305-237-2616, Room 6219
North: 305-237-1433, Room 2256
Padrón: 305-237-6203, Room 6021-37
Email: soetep@mdc.edu

  Monday – Thursday, 9 a.m. – 6 p.m.
Friday, 9 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.

Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
