Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Mission of the Diagnostic Medical Sonography Program at Miami Dade College is to provide a comprehensive, sequential curriculum in diagnostic medical sonography and echocardiography fields. The curriculum was built on the foundation of the general education already acquired, in order to develop a Diagnostic Medical Sonographer and Echocardiographer, that is competent in knowledge, skills, behaviors, and ethical awareness needed to contribute positively to patient care and the broader health care community.   
The goals and objectives of the Diagnostic Medical Sonography Program are:
To provide high quality educational experience, encouragement, and counseling conducive to an excellent learning environment for a progressive education in Diagnostic Medical Sonography.
To prepare competent entry-level sonographers in the cognitive (knowledge), psychomotor (skills), and affective (behavior) learning domains in the following concentrations:
To prepare a graduate who will...
The goals and objectives of the Diagnostic Medical Sonography Program are based on the “Standards and Guidelines of an Accreditation Educational Programs in Diagnostic Medical Sonography.”
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
