The Arts & Philosophy Department offers a diverse range of courses designed to enrich students' cultural and intellectual interests. The department offers courses exploring topics in humanities, philosophy, art, dance, music, and theater.
Philosophy and humanities courses include art, music, dance, and theater history, allowing students to expand their understanding while meeting general education requirements for both A.A. and A.S. degree-seeking students. 
Studio art courses include drawing, painting, sculpture, and digital art design.  
Dance students enjoy opportunities to study ballet, modern, and world dance styles. Theater students can study set design, act, write screenplays, and learn the skills required on stage and screen.  
Music students may choose to receive private instruction on their chosen instruments, participate in ensembles, and study theory and composition. North Campus music ensembles include the Chamber Singers, North Star Singers, Falcon Jazz Band, Film Scoring Orchestra, Latin Jazz Orchestra, World Music Ensemble, Salsa Ensemble, Woodwind Choir, and Chamber Brass Ensemble. 

Arts & Philosophy Department 
                                11380 NW 27 Ave, Room 5226
								Miami, FL 33167 
							    Building 5 - 2nd floor
P: 305-237-1450
F: 305-237-1850

Before completing the usage request please visit the Theatre Calendar and check for conflicts. If the dates and times you are interested in appear available, complete and submit this form. Your request will be responded  a.s.a.p.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
