Students without sufficient English proficiency to take the MDC Placement Test, are required to take an MDC approved English proficiency placement test (ACCUPLACER ESL) and be placed in designated English for Academic Purposes (EAP) courses. This includes students with foreign degrees earned from accredited institutions where the language of instruction is not English. Students may retest once on ACCUPLACER ESL for initial placement.
ACCUPLACER ESL scores are valid for one year. If a student does not use these scores for course placement during that time, retesting will be required. For initial placement, students may retest once on the ACCUPLACER ESL complete test battery (ESL Reading Skills, ESL Language Use, WritePlacer ESL) beginning with ESL Reading Skills.  They may retake WritePlacer ESL separately.  A retesting fee will apply. Retesting must occur prior to enrollment or by the 100% refund date each semester.  Students who have already begun EAP instruction may be referred for retesting on an individual basis by the department chairperson.
EAP students who have satisfied the 0200 level or above, either by EAP course completion or ACCUPLACER ESL placement, should be encouraged to take the mathematics subtest of the MDC Placement Test at any time in Levels 0300, 0400, or 0500.  They must take it no later than the last withdrawal date of the EAP 1600 Level. Continuing EAP students in Levels 0400, 0500, or 0600 in all four EAP skill areas (Reading, Writing, Grammar, or their equivalents) may opt-in to take the reading and writing subtests of the MDC Placement Test after the last withdrawal date of the term for advisement into advanced EAP levels or ENC 1101 in the following term.  New incoming students whose ACCUPLACER ESL subtest scores in ESL Reading Skills, ESL Language Use, and WritePlacer ESL place them into the EAP 1500 or 1600 levels may also opt-in to take the MDC Placement Test prior to registering for EAP courses. Refer to Placement Criteria Appendix F (advisement guides).
Guide Notes: EAP Exemption Using TOEFL Exam
Institutional TOEFL(ITP) scores from other institutions are not used for exemption purposes.
Guide Notes: EAP Exemption Using IELTS
IELTS scores from their General Training Module are not used for exemption purposes at MDC.
Guide Notes: EAP Exemption Using Pearson Test of English
PTE General scores are used for exemption purposes at MDC.
*Exemption score is B2 or higher.
*Pass with Merit entered in MDConnect = 1000 and Pass is entered = 999.
Students who took ESOL during their twelfth grade at any English speaking high school, after having entered 9th grade in a Florida public school in the 2003-2004 school year, or any year thereafter, earned a standard diploma from a Florida public high school, and do not have assessment results for ENC 1101 and/or MAT 1033 or higher.  Refer to Placement Criteria Appendix B.
Students who are recommended to test are not required to enroll in developmental education but may opt to do so. MDC provides assessment and instruction upon the student’s request.
The EAP Course Placement Guide is used for placement in the EAP program.  Notes: EAP 1500 and 1600 levels are college-level credits that count towards graduation as electives. Students who place in EAP 0300 through 1600 levels may be enrolled in the EAP-Concurrent Enrollment Track or Program ACE with advisement.
WritePlacer ESL is administered only for students with scores of both 75 or higher on reading skills and 75 or higher on language use. Students with WritePlacer ESL scores below 3 are placed by ESL - Language Use. For WritePlacer ESL scores of zero (0), codes will be assigned to indicate the reason the essay was given a score of zero. 
Codes are:  B = blank (95)  T = too short (94)  F = written in foreign language (93)  I = illegible/incoherent (92)  O = off topic (91) 
Students scoring into Levels 1, 2, or 3 in either ESL Reading Skills or ESL Language Use should be uniformly placed in one level for Reading, Grammar, and Writing courses based on the average of ESL Reading Skills or ESL Language Use scores.
If the average of the 2 scores is higher than 75, the student must take WritePlacer ESL, and be placed in Levels 4, 5, or 6 as displayed in placement guide above.
Placement in Speech Level courses to be determined by an EAP advisor after speaking with student in English. In most cases, Speech Level decision should reasonably complement already determined Reading, Grammar, and Writing Level. If student is a fluent English speaker who would not benefit from Level 6 Speech, see Department chair for exemption and college class options.
Campus departments may recommend adjustments to initial placement.
Further testing may be done in classrooms.
Continuing EAP students in the 0400 level and above may opt-in to take the reading and writing subtests of the MDC Placement Test after the last withdrawal date of the term.  Continuing EAP students in the 0300 level and above should be encouraged to take the mathematics subtest of the MDC Placement Test at any time in Levels 0300, 0400, or 0500.  They must take it no later than the last withdrawal date of the EAP 1600 Level.  New incoming students who place into the EAP 1500 or 1600 levels on the
ACCUPLACER ESL may also opt-in to take the MDC Placement Test prior to registering in EAP courses.  Students who demonstrate college readiness in reading AND in writing may enroll in ENC 1101.
Although the PERT and ACCUPLACER NG are not used as English proficiency placement tests at MDC, they can be used as one of several criteria to advise EAP students for registering in Level 1500 and/or 1600 Level courses. Students who score 84 or above in PERT reading, 237 or above in ACCUPLACER NG reading or writing, or 90 or above in PERT writing, must see department chair or designee for advisement purposes.
Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness
To contact a member from our team, please visit the Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness contact page.
SIE Service Request Form
Login to SharePoint Site
Visit Testing and Assessment
Please take a moment to fill out a Assessment, Evaluation, and Testing Survey of Satisfaction. The information you provide will help improve the quality of services provided.
