GET READY FOR SUCCESS
A professionally written resume makes you 38% more likely to be contacted, 31% more likely to get an interview, and 40% more likely to land the job. You can also earn up to $5,000 more per year.
Let an MDC WORKS Career Coach assist you.
A resume is a document used to highlight and summarize your education, experience, accomplishments, and skills. There’s no “right” way to write one. Just make sure the format is consistent, your experiences are relevant to the position, and your writing is clear and concise.
Before you begin writing your resume, it’s important to know what you’re trying to say. Start by asking yourself:
A cover letter is your chance to tell a potential employer why you’re perfect for the job. It  should be professional but personable, and serve as an introduction. Use it to describe the value you’ll add to an organization. Showcase your ability to communicate effectively and link your experiences to the position you’re pursuing.
Feeling confident? Upload your resume on your Handshake profile to receive a critique online.
Schedule a time to meet with an experienced Career Coach to help you organize your experience in a powerful way that get’s you noticed.
“A firm, hearty handshake gives a good first impression, and you’ll never be forgiven if you don't live up to it.”
P.J. O’ROURKE
FOR FACULTY
                    Schedule a classroom presentation or practice interviews for your students.
                
MDCWORKS@mdc.edu
305-237-9675 (WORK)

Instagram
                        

Linkedin
                        
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
