Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Funeral Service Education program at Miami Dade College is the oldest program of its kind in the State of Florida. Graduates of the program practice across the United States as well as throughout the Caribbean Islands and Latin America.
Students in the Funeral Service Education program are given a broad understanding of all phases of funeral home operations as well as the public health responsibilities of the funeral director and embalmer. 
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
This program prepares students for licensure as a funeral director and/or embalmer in the State of Florida and all other states. The Funeral Service Education Program requires that students must attempt both sections of the International Conference of Funeral Service Examining Boards for successful completion of the degree. Visit the accreditation page for details.
Areas of study include:
                

Program Learning Outcomes
The Funeral Service Education program at Miami Dade College is the oldest program of its kind in the State of Florida. Graduates of the program are employed across the United States as well as throughout the Caribbean Islands and Latin America. 
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Get help on campus
305-237-8888
 Use Live Chat
Get direct help with admissions, registration, or any other questions you may have.Make an Appointment
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
