The Office of the Registrar provides guidance in all aspects of academic progress and completion of courses and programs. We assist students in the following areas: admissions, course information, important dates and deadlines, registration, student records, certification, enrollment verification, transcripts, diplomas, and veteran and military services. 
We offer notarization services for official Miami Dade College diploma and transcripts at no cost. All requests must be placed by the student/alumni. If you wish to have your diploma notarized, please contact the Registrar’s Office via email at registrar@mdc.edu. If you need to notarize your official transcript, please place your official transcript request order online and email Transcript Services at transcriptservices@mdc.edu with your notarization request. Our office does not  provide the apostille certification on documents. Please visit the Procedure for Apostille Certification webpage for additional  information

Miami Dade College welcomes undergraduate students who are seeking to transfer because of a well-founded fear of antisemitic or other religious discrimination, harassment, intimidation, or violence at an out of state, degree-granting, accredited institution within the United States. Student must demonstrate that he or she has suffered, is currently suffering, or credibly fears suffering future discrimination, harassment, intimidation, or violence, either at their current institution or with a substantial nexus to their current institution, on the basis of religion.  
Please fill out the following form and send it to the Registrar’s Office via email at registrar@mdc.edu. This application and any approved tuition waiver shall be valid through and until the expiration of Executive Order 23-208, and any amendments thereto. 
In-State Tuition for Students Demonstrating Fear of Persecution on the Basis of Religion Fillable PDF Form
For additional information, please contact the Registrar's Office via email at registrar@mdc.edu or at 305-237-2206. 
Dr. Elisabet Vizoso 
                      College Registrar11011 SW 104th Street
                    Miami, FL 33176
                    Telephone: 305-237-2206
registrar@mdc.edu

                            Apply Now
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (TTY) Florida Relay Service. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
