
The Campus Support Services Department manages the Custodial Services, PBX-Main Campus Telephone Operator, Public Safety, and Duplicating and Mail Center operations. The mission of the Campus Support Services department is to support the campus by providing a safe, clean and attractive environment for students, faculty, administrators and staff. One of the many ways we serve the campus is ensuring that we meet the federal, state, and college safety and fire regulations. The Campus Support Services Department also coordinates with District Plant Maintenance Department for general repairs to the Campus including, but not limited to, plumbing, electrical, air conditioning, painting, carpentry, signs, key duplication, landscaping, grounds, etc.
Custodial Services
The Custodial Services department at North takes pride in their efforts of maintaining a clean, healthy, and safe environment for optimal learning.
Duplicating/Mail Center
The North Campus Duplicating and Mail Center strives to provide the most efficient and effective copying and mail services.
Public Safety
The Public Safety department strives to provide the highest level of safety and security for all students, staff, and administrators, enhancing and allowing for a conducive learning environment.
The District Maintenance Department provides general repairs to the campus, including but not limited to:
Custodial/Moving & Set-Up Requests must be submitted through the online Plant Maintenance Work Order.
 
Miami Dade College - North CampusCampus Support Services Office11380 NW 27th AvenueRoom 1156Miami, FL 33167305-237-1003
Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 5:00 p.m
Work orders must be detailed, including dates, starting and ending times, room numbers, identification of the event supported and the individual in charge. Work order must be received at least two working days prior to the need for the service.
Visit the Facilities Management page to submit a Service Request Form
 
If you need to request an Access Card/Key, please use the following form:
Key Request Form
The Campus Support Services Department is also responsible for preparing the campus for any hurricane or tropical storm.
For more information, call the Employee Emergency Hotline at 305-237-7505
