 Loans are  considered a form of financial aid you borrow and must be repaid. 
Before you borrow, consider these tips
Federal Direct Loans are available to students and parents at low interest rates to help meet the cost  of education after grant/scholarship options are exhausted. Student's must be eligible for federal financial aid funds and  enrolled at least half-time (6 or more credits) within the term to receive a  Federal Direct loan.
 Federal  Direct loan repayment can be deferred while the student is enrolled in school at least half-time (6 or more credits).
The William  D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program is the largest federal student loan  program. Under this program, the U.S. Department of Education is your  lender.
Entrance counseling is a mandatory information  session that takes place before you receive your first federal student loan  that explains your responsibilities as a student borrower.  
Exit counseling provides important  information to prepare you to repay your federal student loan(s).  If you  have received a subsidized, unsubsidized or Parent PLUS loan, you must complete  exit counseling each time you:
Miami Dade  College understands that ensuring the integrity of the student financial aid  process is essential to providing students fair and affordable access to higher  education. In accordance with the requirements of the federal Higher Education  Opportunity Act of 2008, Title 34 of the Code of Federal Regulations, Section  601.21, Miami Dade College has developed the following Code of Conduct which  prohibits activities which may create conflicts of interest.  
The Florida  Statutes provide additional guidance for students in Health Professions. Please  review the link below: 
http://www.leg.state.fl.us/Statutes/index.cfm?App_mode=Display_Statute&URL=0400-0499/0456/Sections/0456.072.html
Obtain all the information you need to manage repayment of your federal student loan and avoid defaulting.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
