Mathematics Success and Emotional Intelligence
The Summer Bridge Program is a comprehensive academic support program for students at the Wolfson Campus. The program is designed to provide a supported learning environment that reinforces math skills, peer learning, mentorship, financial literacy, and emotional intelligence skills that are important to success in college. Students can earn up to $450 for participating in program activities during their first year at Miami Dade College!
The Summer Bridge program has a focus on student achievement and aims to prepare students for the successful completion of college-level mathematics at MDC and strengthen student support networks. Students who have participated in similar programming at Wolfson have placed into higher-level mathematics courses upon completion and maintained an average GPA of 3.47.
Participation Opportunities
Summer Bridge students can participate in and benefit from the following activities:
The one-week Math Academy is designed to assist students with developing a deeper understanding in mathematics before they enroll in their first math course at MDC (MAT 1033 or MGF 1107). Additional support during the Math Academy is provided via Peer-Led Team Learning (PLTL). PLTL is small group sessions led by second-year Peer Academic Leaders (PALs), which are proven to create supportive learning environments and improve students’ critical thinking and communication skills.
During the Math Academy, students will:
Summer Math Academy
Fall Math Academy
Summer Bridge participants are encouraged to participate in the Wolf Pack mentoring program. Wolf Pack is a three-tier mentoring program consisting of faculty, second-year college peer mentors, and first-year mentees. The Wolf Pack takes place Fall-Spring. As a mentee, students will:
Questions? Contact Sheila Bodden-Reyes at sboddenr@mdc.edu or 305.237.3177.
Social Emotional Learning Forums are designed to enhance student’s educational experience for academic and professional success. SELF workshops are offered during the summer, fall and spring terms. In these forums, students will learn how to:
The Gateways grant is funded by the United States Department of Education. Award No. P031S200168
Learn more about your rights as a participant.
Phone: 305.237.3177 Email: gateway@mdc.edu
