
Clinical Affiliates COVID-19 Vaccination Protocols 






  

UpSkill Miami Scholarship Available for Medical Campus Students.


  

Apply now for Lennar Foundation Grant Opportunities!


  

Become a health care hero!
Apply to one of our many programs of study.
 

  

Clinics Help the Commmunity and Strengthen our Students.


  

Skin Smart Campus 
Medical Campus has been recognized as a Skin Smart Campus by The National Council on Skin Cancer Prevention.


  

Local Anesthesia Certification Course
Learn concepts of local anesthesia including pharmacology and other important concepts.


  

A partnership to help prepare Vision Care students with essential knowledge and skills.


  

Medical Campus Virtual Tour
Our virtual tour allows you to navigate the campus in 3D. The tour takes you to different spots around campus and inside buildings where you can zoom in, pan around and make a full 360 rotation to view different spaces in detail.




‹ › 



MDC Medical Campus

        950 NW 20th St.
        Miami, FL 33127
        




Operator
305-237-4000


Registration
 305-237-9100 


Advisement
 305-237-4141 


Public Safety
 305-237-4100 


Financial Aid
 305-237-9300 


Library
 305-237-4129 


Student Life
 305-237-4213 



Complete Campus Directory  









Medical Campus Programs
Associate & Bachelor's Degrees



Associate of Science in Nursing (RN)
Bachelor of Science in Nursing (RN to BSN)
Clinical Laboratory Science
Dental Hygiene
Diagnostic Medical Sonography
Emergency Medical Services




Health Information Technology
Health Service Management
Histotechnology
Histotechnology (BAS)

Clinical Laboratory Science (BAS)
Nuclear Medicine Technology
Opticianry (Vision Care)




Physical Therapist Assistant
Physician Assistant

Radiation Therapy
Radiography (X-Ray Technologist)
Respiratory Care
Surgical Technology
Veterinary Technology



Certificate Programs



Central Sterile Processing Technician
Emergency Medical Technician
Endoscopic Technician
Emergency Medical Responder
Fire Fighter/EMT
Computed Tomography




Dental Assisting
Healthcare Informatics Specialist
Health Care Service Specialist
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Massage Therapy

Medical Coder/Biller
Medical Assisting




Paramedic
Pharmacy Technician
Phlebotomy Technician
Licensed Practical Nursing







About Our Campus
Located in the heart of the Miami Health District, the Medical Campus is home to state-of-the-art facilities and more than 20 educational options, including bachelor's degree programs and training certificates that can put you on the fast track to an in-demand career.
Read more about Medical Campus 
Medical Campus Events



View albums


Quick Links



 

Benjamín León 
                  School of Nursing
This acclaimed school has trained more than half of Miami-Dade County's nurses.





 

School of Health Sciences
Offering bachelor's, associate, and certificate programs, the School of Health Sciences trains integral members of the health-care team.







 

Libraries and Labs
Access a variety of resources that can help you make the grade.





 

Public Safety
Public Safety creates a safe environment.







 

Bookstore
Get your books (and lots more) before you need to hit the books.





 

Parking at Medical Campus
Visit Student Life to get your parking decal and MDCard.







 

HSC0003 Waiver Process
You may be eligible to apply for an exemption.





 

School of Continuing Education & Professional Development
Learn about continuing education training options and more.





 

Program Requirements and Target Dates
Learn how to apply to our programs.






 

MDC Works
Interviewing and Job Placement.













-->
  

Parking

 
Parking is available for all Miami Dade College students, faculty, staff, and visitors in our parking garage.

Parking Information and Map.



   

Benjamín León 
          School of Nursing
More than half of Miami-Dade County's nurses started here.







Featured Events









Find us on Facebook






Apply to one of our many programs of study.
Medical Campus has been recognized as a Skin Smart Campus by The National Council on Skin Cancer Prevention.
Learn concepts of local anesthesia including pharmacology and other important concepts.
Our virtual tour allows you to navigate the campus in 3D. The tour takes you to different spots around campus and inside buildings where you can zoom in, pan around and make a full 360 rotation to view different spaces in detail.
Located in the heart of the Miami Health District, the Medical Campus is home to state-of-the-art facilities and more than 20 educational options, including bachelor's degree programs and training certificates that can put you on the fast track to an in-demand career.
Read more about Medical Campus 
View albums
This acclaimed school has trained more than half of Miami-Dade County's nurses.
Offering bachelor's, associate, and certificate programs, the School of Health Sciences trains integral members of the health-care team.
Access a variety of resources that can help you make the grade.
Public Safety creates a safe environment.
Get your books (and lots more) before you need to hit the books.
Visit Student Life to get your parking decal and MDCard.
You may be eligible to apply for an exemption.
Learn about continuing education training options and more.
Learn how to apply to our programs.
Interviewing and Job Placement.
Parking is available for all Miami Dade College students, faculty, staff, and visitors in our parking garage.
Parking Information and Map.
More than half of Miami-Dade County's nurses started here.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
