Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.S.) in Health Science with a concentration in Histotechnology is designed to accommodate the unique demands for Histotechnology professionals in the health science industry. Upon completion of the program and the attainment of the American Society for Clinical Pathology (ASCP) Histotechnologist (HTL) certification and license, graduates maybe employed as part of the health care delivery team in a hospital, private clinical laboratory, research laboratory or other health-care setting as laboratory technologists.
View additional program information
Student Handbook
Employment for Histotechnologists is projected to grow 12 percent from 2018 to 2026, faster than the average for other occupations.
The rapid advancement of knowledge in the field of medical laboratory science is required for the growing need of highly skilled and knowledgeable clinical laboratory scientists. Employment is found in hospitals, physician’s offices, research facilities, private and public health laboratories, industrial quality control, veterinary clinics, pharmaceutical laboratories, and sales and health care equipment.
The Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.S.) in Health Science with a concentration in Histotechnology is a blended- online and MDC Live HT to HTL program. The HT to HTL program expands upon the Associate of Science in Laboratory Sciences curriculum. Graduates of the BAS program with the HTL concentration are eligible for certification by the American Society for Clinical Pathology (ASCP) as Histotechnology.. 

Upon completion of the program and the attainment of certification and license, Histotechnologists are employed in a variety of health-care settings as laboratory technologists with the opportunity of upward mobility to supervisory and management positions. This concentration prepares students for positions in job roles such as:
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
