The College may place a hold on student accounts from time to time which can block registration or have other service impacts. These holds, sometimes referred to as service indicators or tasks with notes or actions required to resolve that.
                
For example:
Students can check on MDConnect - Student Self-Service if there are any financial holds on their student account. 
 The following are the most common Financial holds:

How to Remove Hold  - 
                    Log in to Student Portal to make a payment or visit/contact your Bursar’s Office to make a payment. The system will automatically remove your hold at the top of the hour.
                

How to Remove Hold   - Log in to Student Portal to make a payment or contact your Bursar’s Office to make a payment. The system will automatically remove your hold at the top of the hour.
                

How to Remove Hold  - Log in to the Nelnet Portal and pay outstanding balance or contact Nelnet at 1-888-333-3333 to make a payment. Nelnet representative will email SFS to remove the hold.
                

How to Remove Hold  - Contact Student Financial Services at 305-237-2141.
                

How to Remove Hold  -  Log in to Student Portal to make a payment or contact your Bursar’s Office to make a payment. The Bursar representative will email SFS to remove the hold.
                

How to Remove Hold  - Log in to Student Portal to make a payment or contact your Bursar’s Office to make a payment. The Bursar representative email SFS to remove the hold.
                

How to Remove Hold  -  Log in to Student Portal and update your mailing address or contact your Admissions & Registration Office to make the correction over the phone. An admission representative will email SFS to remove the hold.
                

How to Remove Hold  - Log in to Student Portal and update your mailing address or contact your Admissions & Registration Office to make the correction over the phone. An admission representative will email SFS to remove the hold.
                

How to Remove Hold  - Log in to Student Portal and e-sign your Financial obligation agreement and submit.
                
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
