Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q. What is a Paramedic?
A. A Paramedic (EMT– P) is an  advanced care practitioner in Emergency Medical Services.  These  individuals provide advanced medical and trauma care in the pre-hospital  environment. A paramedic is responsible for emergency on-scene treatment,  life-saving stabilization, and transport of ill or injured patients to an acute  care facility. Additionally, Paramedics provide direct patient care in ER’s,  clinics, and ambulance services.

Q. When does the program start  and what is the target review date for the program?
A. The Paramedic program is offered  every semester at the Medical Center Campus. These courses are offered at the  Medical Campus on a “shift” schedule and as an evening class is offered in the Fall Semester only.   Applications for the paramedic program should be submitted in accordance with  the established target review dates for each semester.

Q. What are the program  requirements?
A.  To be eligible for the  Paramedic program you must be a current student at Miami Dade College. You must also see our EMS advisor to determine if you are required to take the (P.E.R.T.) Postsecondary Education Readiness Test or if you have exemption status from test.

Q. What are the  selection criteria?
A.  To be eligible for the Paramedic program students must:
Q. Can I request a milestone review if I have not  completed all of the general education and science courses?
A. There are no general education  requirements that must be completed in advance other than the BSC 2085 and BSC 2085L. 

Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. The Paramedic program is a  college certificate program.  Upon successful complete of the Paramedic  program, the student earns 42 college credits. Students that apply for  graduation receive the Miami Dade College – College Credit Certificate diploma  upon successful completion of the program.

Q. What are the hours of the  program?
A. The program is offered at the  Medical Campus on the “shift” schedule from 8:00am – 9:00pm, Monday  through Friday.  The evening offering meets in the Fall semester only. Monday through Thursdays,  5:00pm – 9:00pm and on Saturdays from 8:00am – 4:00pm. 

Q. Can I work while I am a  student in the program?
A.  If students must work for  financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of  employment per week while enrolled in the Paramedic program courses.

Q. Do you assist with job placement after graduation?
A. The Medical Campus does  not provide job placement.  Through the Career Center located in the New  Student Center on the Medical Campus, graduates may review employment  opportunities that have been forwarded to the Career Center.

Q. Do I need to take a test to  work in this profession after graduation?
A.  In order to work as a  Paramedic, a certification is required in the State of Florida.  This  certification requires that you pass the state credentialing examination  offered by the Florida Department of Health.

Q. What is the approximate annual  salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. In the South Florida area,  certified Paramedics may expect to earn an annual salary of $23,000 - $47,000, if  employed in a full-time setting. Many paramedics obtain employment as municipal firefighters with an annual salary that ranges from $47,000 - $91,000.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
