Greetings, and welcome to the Department of World Languages  and Communication at the Hialeah Campus of Miami Dade College. I’m glad you  have taken the time to visit our webpage and see what we have to offer! I am  very proud of our campus, faculty and programs. I’m sure that once you look at  the courses we have to offer, the campus facilities, and our faculty, you will  agree that the Hialeah Campus of Miami Dade College is an outstanding  environment for you to continue your studies. 
There are many wonderful aspects to the Hialeah campus.  However, for me, the salient feature is the faculty. The faculty at the Hialeah  campus are a highly educated, passionate, and dedicated group of professionals.  As Chair, I am especially proud of the faculty in the Department of World  Languages and Communication. I know that students in our program are receiving  the highest quality education possible, and that the benefits of an education  at our campus will last a lifetime.
 The Department of  World Languages and Communication offers courses in English for Academic  Purposes (EAP), various foreign languages, college-level English, Speech, and  Developmental Reading and Writing. If at any time you have any questions or  would like more information about our campus or programs, please do not  hesitate to contact my office.
I look forward to seeing you on campus. 
Liliana  Cobas
                    Chair, World Languages and Communication
                    Hialeah Campus 
                  Miami Dade College
MDC Hialeah Campus
								  Room 2320  
1780 W 49th Street Hialeah, Florida 33012								  
								  Phone: 305-237-8782
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
