Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Opticianry (Vision  Care) Program prepares the student to become a Licensed Optician. 
As qualified members of the  ophthalmic vision care industry, graduates will have the opportunity to work  with opticians, optometrists, and ophthalmologists in private and retail  settings. Once licensed, an optician may also be independent and own his or her own  business. The program has over an 85% pass rate on both  national and state examinations.
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
The Associate in Science Degree in-discipline courses, accredited by the Commission on Opticianry Accreditation, is taught over five semesters and simultaneously prepares students to work in various ophthalmic health areas upon program completion. Areas of study include:

Most graduates find  employment prior to graduation. Students who pursue this course of study may find employment in job roles such as:
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
