
 
At its core, Music Business is a diverse field that incorporates the promotion and management of music content to consumers. MDC offers career training in all aspects of the music business industry with special emphasis for students to concentrate on specific career options including: Creative Performance, Creative Production and Business Management. 
A College Credit Certificate is also offered in Audio Technology. Hands on projects, team-based learning, and insight from Music Business professionals empower graduates to obtain the skills and knowledge needed to gain lucrative employment in the music business industry.
To find out more visit one of the following areas.
Music Business - Creative Performance (A.S.)
Music Business - Creative Production (A.S.)
Music Business - Business Management (A.S.)
Audio Technology (C.C.C.)
You can play a part in transforming the lives of our music business students through scholarships and academic program initiatives. Your contribution ensures that PAI continues to be a vital source in enriching the lives of students and the community through the performing arts.
Home to a knowledgeable staff and state-of-the-art technology, the Music/Humanities Lab allows the exploration of the arts and the creation of virtually any multimedia project.
The Music Business program curriculum includes a variety of courses that cover:
Duane Summers
						      Music Business / Studio Manager
						      305-237-0889
dsummers@mdc.edu
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
