View a printable version of our Student Success Stories
Certifications: AWS Certified CloudPractitioner, AWS Certified Solutions Architect, CompTIA Cloud Essentials

 Current Position: Security Engineer  Intern at Amazon Alexa Cloud Secure Solutions 
To begin again, I bet on myself. Five months and four IT certifications later, MDC cloud program mentors reinforced that #IamRemarkable, via holistic leadership development. This made me fearless in future professional moves and put my career in Amazon's path. MDC linked me to scholarships and AWS Career Support; both nurtured my love of typing "terraform destroy". I have flourished, resilient like the cloud infrastructure I now build and secure at scale. In leading MDC's competitive cybersecurity team, I've learned that whatever lights you up in tech, dive deep-- there's a cloud service for that! 
Certifications: AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner, AWS Certified Solutions Architect 

Current Position: Solutions Architect Intern at Amazon AWS
MDC’s  Enterprise Cloud Computing program was all I needed for a career change.  Countless opportunities were presented to me from scholarships to internships.  My journey in the program felt complete. All I needed to know, I was taught,  and all the assistance I needed was provided to me.
Certifications: AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner, AWS Certified Solutions Architect

 Current Position: Media and Entertainment Segment at Amazon Web Services, Global Accounts
About two years ago, it was clear to me the  future of Broadcasting would be in the Cloud and that traditional workflows  would eventually migrate from primarily on-prem to hybrid environment and in  the future “all-in” in the Cloud. I’ve always had an appetite to learn and be  curious and a strong intuition when it comes to changes and industry  transformation. I decided that to remain relevant in Media and Entertainment  after more than 25 years of executive and professional sales experience, I had  to not only recalibrate, but immerse myself in learning about the Cloud and  particularly AWS who is the clear leader in Cloud Services. I began to research  different programs and concluded that MDC had the best overall program  offering. MDC partnership with AWS was a fundamental piece in my decision  process. Before pursuing any opportunities with AWS, I strongly believed it was  imperative to strengthen my knowledgebase.
Certifications: AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner, AWS Certified Solutions Architect

 Current Position: Systems Administrator at Icemasters Inc.
The cloud  program challenged me to prove my worth with classes in AWS Cloud, Linux, and  Databases. The certifications I achieved in AWS and CompTIA enabled me to  transition to a role at Icemasters Inc. directly aligned with these skills.  Beginning the program truly did kick-start my long time aspirations for higher  education. Since completing the cloud program, I have been accepted to the B.S.  in Cybersecurity at MDC. I am excited about my new qualifications and the  opportunities now available to me thanks to MDC and DECCI.
Certifications: AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner

Current Position: Technical Solutions Intern at Belle Fleur Technologies
MDC  has provided me with the opportunity to be a part of the innovation of  technology that has not only taken over South Florida but also the world.  From earning certifications to show my knowledge, to getting hands on training  within an internship. This was an amazing experience that I will be forever  grateful for!
Certifications: AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner, AWS Certified                  Solutions Architect, CompTIA Cloud Essentials

 Current Position: IT Support at Amazon Pharmacy
Switching  careers to #technology and acquiring the knowledge in #awscloud was the best  decision I have ever made. MDC ensured my success with a combination of great  training platforms and industry certifications. To all  students who aspire to become a cloud architect/ engineer, find your path, work  hard for your goals, and let life come to you.
Certifications: AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner,                  AWS Certified Solutions Architect

 Current Position: Salesforce Developer @ Goldfinch Cloud Solutions
I've loved technology from a young age. I first  earned a mechanical engineering degree and had the opportunity to work in a  variety of manufacturing operations. I was involved with fabricating and  assembling products such as aerospace components and surgical robots while  using technologies such as metal 3D printing, CNC machining and 3D scanning. In  2020, I decided to shift focus from a hardware career to a software career. I  am now pursuing additional training in cloud computing and cybersecurity, with  the goal of transferring the soft skills I developed from working in  manufacturing operations to a cloud operations career.
Certifications: AWS Certified                  Cloud Practitioner, AWS Certified                  Solutions Architect

 Current Position: Lead Tech at                  The Mohr Group
Grateful to have been given the opportunity to pursue an  education in Enterprise Cloud Computing. It was a wonderful experience and I  highly recommend it for anyone in the IT industry wanting to gain knowledge in  Cloud Computing. It will become the future of IT and thank you to MDC and AWS  for providing an excellent amount of hands-on course material, laying down the  foundation to pursue further certifications in AWS.
Certifications: AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner, AWS Certified Solutions Architect

 Current Position: Leads NGO Code Explorers
After so many years as a practicing engineer with a master’s degree, I felt an upskill with the latest cloud architecture technologies was in order. The partnership with AWS and MDC provided the right combination of training and certifications along with my projects that will benefit our community. My fellow technologists don’t be bound by any preconceived notions of you - whether is age, ethnicity, race, or gender. Make your own path, create your own bucket lists and be happy.
Certifications: AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner, AWS Certified Solutions Architect, CompTIA Cloud Essentials 

Current Position: Client Implementation Project Manager at i2c Inc.
The last  few years, I have been working as a technical lead on the most demanding  projects architecting and building highly scalable applications and services,  and mentoring software developer teams on advanced technical issues. The recent  increment and demand for cloud-native applications using new architecture  patterns provided me an opportunity to update and upgrade my skills in this new  cloud paradigm. At MDC, I found not only a place to achieve this challenge but  a platform for learning, training, be competitive, social networking, team building,  and discovered an awe-inspiring growth experience too.
Certifications: AWS Certified Cloud                  Practitioner, AWS Certified Solutions                  Architect, AWS Certified Developer

 Current Position: DevOps Intern at                  Belle Fleur Technologies
Don’t be afraid of the process. Getting your AWS  certification is the first step, but don’t stop there.  Learn a new  programming language, do projects, build up your Linux skill, and more. Learn  and do as much as you can related to the field.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
