Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
A Registered Health Information Technician (RHIT) is an associate of science degree graduate of a Health Information Technology program who has successfully taken the national exam. RHITs handle and manage health information where ever health information is generated or housed. RHITs are responsible for interpreting, analyzing, scanning, coding, abstracting, and auditing health data. RHITs in some healthcare offices are responsible for supervising and managing employees and departments.
The program officially begins every semester of each year. If students have met the majority of requirement courses, students may progress to discipline courses at the beginning of each semester if seats are available with the program coordinator and Chairperson's approval.
To request a milestone review for the program, you must have ENC 1101 – English Composition 1 and BSC 2085/L completed. 
The selection criteria is based on the number of required courses completed at the time of program selection with top priority given to students that have completed all of the required general education and science courses. Additionally, GPA is included in the selection process.
Yes, your milestones will be reviewed. If you do not meet the selection criteria, your milestone review will stay on file for three years.
You will receive an Associate of Science in Health Information Technology.
The program is an evening program. Program requirements and selected HIM prefix courses are offered online through MDC Online.
Yes, the majority work either part-time or full-time. Students are encouraged to work a maximum of 20 hours per week to be successful in the program.
The Medical Campus does not provide job placement. Through the Career Center located in the New Student Center on the Medical Campus, graduates may review employment opportunities that have been forwarded to the Career Center.
No, it is not a requirement. However, graduates are more apt to find employment with credentials. Graduates may sit for the Registered Health Information Management Technician (RHIT) licensure exam administered by the American Health Information Management Association. Students are prepped before graduating the program.
In the South Florida area, entry-level graduates may expect to earn an annual salary of $37,872 - $45,047 if employed full-time. This does not include a sign-on bonus, benefits or overtime.
Learn more about the salary.
Besides being affordable, our students are provided opportunities for clinical internship, service learning activities and afforded the opportunity to access three different types of electronic health record systems. Students will receive training in two different electronic health record systems and analyze data. The program offers AHIMA VLab, Neehr Perfect EHRGo Software Systems and other learning resources to maximize learning. In addition, students will receive free student membership to American Health Information Management Association with the purchase of the new course textbook, Health Information Technology Applied Approach- 5th edition, which is used throughout the program. Students qualify to be reimbursed for stackable credentialing exams (CHUC, Six Sigma, Green Belt, CCS, CBS, CHTS-IM, CHDS, RHIT, RHIA).
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
