TechHire is a job training grant program that helps young adults overcome barriers to employment by providing free job training that includes technical skills, job searches, resume writing, interviewing and career advisement. The program also prepares students for paid internship opportunities.
Program Participants
Obtained Employment
Internship Partners
Industry Certifications
The Cloud Computing Practitioner program is a free credit program designed to jump-start your career in tech as a Cloud Support Practitioner – no experience needed.  Our program offers you the opportunity to learn the fundamentals of cloud computing while preparing you for two recognized industry certifications: AWS Cloud Practitioner and CompTIA Network+.
Generation IT is a non-credit course designed to enhance technical skills and cultivate behavioral, mindset and professional development so that individuals flourish within a demanding and competitive information technology industry.
For  more information  on upcoming courses and application visit Generation USA here.
The Electronic Health Record Specialist non-credit course provides training for organizing and managing patient health data in digital and hard-copy formats, ensuring the security, completeness and accuracy of patient data while keeping a sharp eye on details and potential discrepancies. 
The Graphic Design 4-credit course focuses on a creative career track in visual communication and problem-solving utilizing typography, space, image and color resulting in the creation and production of promotional materials for print, multimedia and the web. 
The Certified Ethical Hacker program is the most desired information security training program any information security professional will ever want to be in. To master the hacking technologies, you will need to become one, but an ethical one! The course provides the advanced hacking tools and techniques used by hackers and information security professionals alike to break into an organization.
Companies across the U.S. are becoming increasingly concerned about network security, resulting in a surge in demand for individuals trained in network defense techniques. The courses we offer through TechHire provide students with a solid grounding in IT security fundamentals and prepare them to be ready to work in the field.
The Principles of Banking 3-credit course provides the knowledge and skills needed in the fast-growing retail banking industry, including cash handling and basic transactions, product and service sales, deposit accounts, US finance, operations and more.
The program prepares students for fundamental security knowledge and skills. Students will learn hands-on experience with Windows Server, Windows-based networking, Active Directory, anti-malware products, firewalls, network topologies and devices, and network ports. It can serve as a stepping stone to the Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) certifications.
Are you 18-29 years old, have a High School diploma or GED and are a resident of Miami Dade County? If your answer is yes to all three, you may be the right candidate for this program. Find out more by clicking the button below.
Get Started
Wolfson Campus
 Room 5501-10
     Phone: 305-237-7260

E-mail: techhire@mdc.edu
MDC TechHire courses are offered at these campuses:
                     North, Kendall, Wolfson, Medical, Padrón.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
