 
According to the Florida State  Rule 6A-10.044,  all  students who meet the criteria below may be eligible for Florida  residency:
(a) A dependent student who attended a Florida high school  for a minimum of two (2) academic years immediately preceding his or her  initial enrollment in an institution of higher education and graduated from a  Florida high school or earned a State of Florida High School Diploma as  authorized under rule 6A-6.0201, F.A.C., within the last twelve (12) months may  use their high school transcript or the official transcript for the State of  Florida High School Diploma as evidence of Florida residency. At least one  (1) additional document identified in section 1009.21(3)(c)1. or  1009.21(3)(c)2., F.S., must be presented evidencing parental legal residence.
Based on the rule above, eligible  students regardless of their immigration status, will be using the High School  transcript plus an additional document to be classified as Florida residents.  The additional document to provide evidence of parental legal residence in the  state of Florida could be one of the documents listed in the Florida  Residency Checklist.
Contact your campus Admissions and Registration Office if you have any questions.
You can now complete and submit your Florida residency declaration for tuition purposes online.
Submit your information now


If you already started filling out your form and saved your progress you may continue here.
Understanding your fees and costs
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
