MDC administers TABE Forms 11 and 12 with locator. The TABE 11 & 12 locator has one locator test—divided into three sections—one each for reading, mathematics, and language. Each locator sub-test will determine the appropriate level of the TABE test that the student should take. As of March 6, 2023 students pre-testing for ABE only test for TABE Math and Reading.  Post-testing in the two skill areas began Summer 2023.  The TABE retesting guidelines below are followed for Adult Basic Education (ABE) program.
When a test administration results in a score, including those that begin with a “+” or “-“, that is within the allowable range for the Test Level and Form, the score is reported with a “0” in the first field followed by the three digit score. Students with an in-range high score (+) may be retested one time with a higher TABE Level without being assessed a retesting fee or placed in the highest valid level for the TABE level test.  The relationship between TABE scores and NRS levels can be found in Placement Criteria Appendix H. 
TABE 11&12 Grade Range Scale Score Guidance and TABE 11 & 12 Scoring Levels: Best Practice Guidelines are available via the College’s TABE webpage.
The ABE Course Placement Guide is used for placement in the ABE program.
Reasoning Through 
Language Arts
Note: As of March 6, 2023, students pre-testing for ABE only test for TABE Math and Reading.  Post-testing in the two skill areas began in Summer 2023.
When a test administration results in a score that is lower than the allowable range for the Test Level and Form, and no score is provided or the score indicates a score of N/A, the score is reported with a “1” followed by the lowest score value for the TABE Level and Form. To assist with determining the correct out of range scores to report, refer to Placement Criteria Appendix H.  TABE Levels Literacy (L) and Easy (E) do not have OOR Low scores.  As of Summer 2023, there is no longer a difference between paper and online OOR scores.  Students with an out-of-range low or no score must be retested one time with a lower TABE Level no sooner than the next day and prior to enrollment or by the 100% refund date for the adult education term without being assessed a retesting fee.  If the retest results in another OOR score, place student into the lowest valid level of the lower TABE level test.
When a test administration results in a score that is higher than the allowable range for the Test Level and Form, and no score is provided, the score is reported with a “9” followed by the highest score value for the TABE Level and Form. To assist with determining the correct out of range scores to report, refer to the TABE OOR table in Appendix H (TABE Out-of-Range Low and High Score Reported and Re-testing Guide).  TABE Level Advanced (A) does not have OOR High scores.  As of Summer 2023, there is no longer a difference between paper and online OOR scores.  Students with an out-of-range high or no score must be retested one time with a higher TABE Level no sooner than the next day and prior to enrollment or by the 100% refund date for the adult education term without being assessed a retesting fee.  If the retest results in another OOR score, place student into the highest valid NRS level of the higher TABE level test.  For example, if a student tests with form 11 medium level and gets an OOR High score, the student should retest at the difficult level form.  To see the appropriate forms, OOR scores, and NRS level for OOR, please refer to the NRS links in Placement Criteria Appendix H.
View Adult Education Programs
Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness
To contact a member from our team, please visit the Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness contact page.
SIE Service Request Form
Login to SharePoint Site
Visit Testing and Assessment
Please take a moment to fill out a Assessment, Evaluation, and Testing Survey of Satisfaction. The information you provide will help improve the quality of services provided.
