Miami Dade College’s Future Ready Miami-Dade Scholarship ensures all Miami-Dade County residents can complete an associate degree at Miami Dade College tuition-free. This scholarship covers costs not covered through other grants, financial aid, and scholarships.
To ensure the success of all scholarship recipients, Miami Dade College is providing comprehensive support services, including personalized on-boarding assistance, individualized help with the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), career counseling, resume development, and dedicated student success advisors. Students will also have opportunities to participate in Changemaking activities, recognition events, and networking opportunities with experts in their field of interest.
The scholarship funds will be applied at the in-state tuition rate after all other resources available to cover tuition and fees have been applied. This includes Shark Pack digital materials.
The scholarship covers up to 60 credits toward the completion of an associate degree. Students have the opportunity to earn badges and career certificates as they progress toward the associate degree.
Submit your online  application for admission to MDC.
Submit your Free Application for Federal Student Aid.
Whether you have questions, need guidance, or want to discuss any concerns, feel free to reach out.
Need answers now? Chat with one of our advisors.
Chat with us
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
