Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q. What is an Emergency Medical Technician?
A. An Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) is the intermediate care practitioner in Emergency Medical Services.  These individuals are the first to arrive on a scene and provide the initial assessment and direct patient care in the pre-hospital environment. Additionally, Emergency Medical Technicians provide direct patient care in ER’s, clinics, and ambulance services.

Q. When does the program start and what is the target review date for the program?
A. The Emergency Medical Technician program is offered every semester at the Medical and Homestead Campus.  These courses are offered at the Medical Campus on a Monday/Wednesday or Tuesday/Thursday combination during the evening hours. Additionally, the Medical Campus offers this program as an afternoon/evening offering on Fridays. At the Homestead Campus, these courses are offered on a Tuesday/Thursday combination during the evening hours. A completed milestone review packet is required at the time of registration. Registration is done on a first come, first serve basis.

Q. What are the program requirements?
A.  To be eligible for the Emergency Medical Technician program you must be a current student at Miami Dade College and must see our EMS advisor to determine if you are required to take the (P.E.R.T.) Postsecondary Education Readiness Test or successfully completed the all levels of college prep coursework or higher to be eligible for these classes.

Q. What are the selection criteria?
A.  To be eligible for the Emergency Medical Technician program students must:
Q. Can I apply if I have not completed all of the general education and science courses?
A. There are no general education requirements that must be completed in advance to register for the Emergency Medical Technician program. 

Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. The Emergency Medical Technician program is a college certificate program.  Upon successful complete of the Emergency Medical Technician program, the student earns 11 college credits. Students that apply for graduation receive the Miami Dade College – College Credit Certificate diploma upon successful completion of the program.

Q. What are the hours of the program?
A. The program is offered at the Medical Campus on a Monday/Wednesday or Tuesday/Thursday combination between the hours of 5:00pm until 9:00pm. The Friday offering at the Medical Campus is offered from 12:00 Noon until 9:00pm. On the Homestead Campus, these courses are offered as a Tuesday/Thursday combinations between the hours of 6:00pm until 10:00pm.

Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
A.  If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week while enrolled in the Emergency Medical Technician courses.

Q. Do you assist with job placement after graduation?
A. The Medical Campus does not provide job placement.  Through the Career Center located in the New Student Center on the Medical Campus, graduates may review employment opportunities that have been forwarded to the Career Center.
                

Q. What is the approximate annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. In the South Florida area, certified EMT’s may expect to earn an annual salary of $21,000 - $35,000 if employed in a full-time setting. This does not include a sign-on bonus, benefits or overtime.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
