Last updated June 20, 2013
Miami Dade College Alerts is the College's emergency notification system. All current students and employees are required to participate. If there is an emergency that threatens life safety on a campus and/or severely impacts normal college operations, college officials will warn the campus communities using one or more of the following methods:
Miami Dade College Alerts will be activated during emergencies that threaten life safety on a campus and/or severely impacts normal college operations. College officials may also test the different notification methods of Miami Dade College Alerts at least once per semester to ensure the system is working properly.
Students and employees are able to update their emergency notification information at any time by updating their personnel records. A Miami Dade College username and password are needed to access these links.
Students and employees are required to confirm their emergency notification information for Miami Dade College Alerts at least once a term.
YES. Registering for Miami Dade College Alerts will alter the emergency contact information listed in your personal record's folder on the employee portal.
Miami Dade College Alerts is a free service provided by Miami Dade College. However, if you register your cell phone, your cellular service provider may charge you for receiving text messages (SMS). Check your service agreement for details. Service costs from your cellular provider are your responsibility.
By using Short Message Service (SMS) text messaging capabilities, college officials can notify the ENTIRE campus population in just a few minutes, no matter where they are located. Attempting to call everyone could take hours. This is an important factor, especially during a time sensitive emergency. Text messages sent via Miami Dade College Alerts will be short and are meant to make students and employees aware that there is an emergency and direct them to other college methods of emergency notification for more information.
All current students and employees are required to participate. Your Miami Dade College e-mail address is automatically uploaded into the system and cannot be unsubscribed. You will receive alerts only during those terms when you are registered for class or employed by the college. Please note per FCC ruling the College must provide a method to unsubscribe to SMS, therefore, an OPT-OUT message will be sent to the registered mobile device once a term.
No, only students, faculty, and staff with active MDC accounts are entered into the MDCAlert system’s primary notification methods (text, voice calling, and e-mail). Allowing family members, friends, or the general public to register could potentially slow the overall speed at which the system sends emergency messages. Family members, friends, and visitors are encouraged to like Miami Dade College on Facebook or Follow MDC Alerts on Twitter:
Please email any additional questions or report problems to mdcalerts@mdc.edu.
