The advisement staff is here to guide your college experience and help you navigate through the various steps and resources available. 
 Your Advisor Can Help as You Move Along Your Shark Path at MDC
Get step-by-step directions and advice on how to begin your experience at MDC. Whatever your status, from recent high school grad to returning student, this is the place to get details on how to navigate your new academic journey.
Explore career options, assess your skills, understand your aspirations and get clarity on how to move forward.
Develop an academic plan, check your progress, find the support you need to succeed in your courses and get advice on how to fine tune your choices.
Getting close to graduation? Get help on making it to the finish line and taking your next steps, whether it’s entering the workforce or transferring to another institution.
Amnesty Form
Academic Amnesty is an instructional policy that allows qualifying students the opportunity to remove academically poor coursework from 10 years ago or more from the calculation of their grade point average (GPA). Complete this form to submit your request.
Career Exploration with FOCUS2
Career Assessment tools can help match you to exciting academic programs and meaningful careers based on your personal interests, goals, preferences, skills, and abilities. Set up your free account and complete the three inventories.
Change of Major Form
Need to change your academic plan or program? Submit this form to your campus to have your academic record updated.
Graduation Form
Ready to graduate? Submit this form during the final semester of your program to have your academic requirements reviewed.
Reverse Transfer Form
Currently enrolled university students who earned at least 30 credits at MDC and transferred without their associate degree might be eligible to receive a diploma. Complete this form to get your reverse transfer started.
Transfer Institutions and Community Partners
Are you interested in hosting an Information Session for MDC students? This form can be used to schedule events with each of our campuses.
Designed to provide you with basic information to guide students through their academic pathways.
For additional support and assistance, please contact your campus Advisement and Career Services department.
Student Portal | MDConnect | Navigate | Canvas | Sharknet
