Use a Florida Prepaid savings plan to pay for tuition.
Florida Prepaid plans are educational savings plans purchased by families on behalf of a student to pay for college tuition. Florida Prepaid is a state administered program managed by the Florida Prepaid College Board. There are several plans; all entitle the student to either 60 or 120 credits. The traditional FPP tuition plan covers a four-year tuition of 120 credits.
For more details regarding the plans you can contact the Florida Prepaid College Board at 1-800-552-4723 or www.myfloridaprepaid.com.
Students can call or visit Bursars office at any campus to request to use their FPP to pay for current term Tuition and eligible fees. MDC does not require students to show their Florida Prepaid card or documentation for verification, it requires only student's MDID. You simply need to verify that your Social Security Number and Date of Birth is correct and matches in both the MDC and Florida Prepaid systems.
Prior to requesting to use Florida Prepaid to pay your MDC tuition and fees, we recommend contacting Florida prepaid to verify the status of your Florida Prepaid plan, ensuring your Social Security Number and Date of Birth is correct and active in their system on the Florida Prepaid Plan website.
Please note, Florida Prepaid contracts do not cover 100% of tuition and fee charges. If there is any difference between the total tuition charges and the amount of credit that FPP plan can cover, the student is responsible for paying the difference.
Upon activation of your Florida Prepaid to pay for current term fees and eligible fees, you will receive temporary credit for the maximum amount that can be billed to your Florida Prepaid plan. If for any reason the College is unable to complete the billing process, the temporary credit will be reversed and the student will be billed in full with an immediate due date.
*Matriculation year is the year of enrollment in college
You can call or visit the Bursar's Office at any of the campuses to request to use your Florida Prepaid. You must provide your MDID.
No, Florida Prepaid doesn't cover all types of fees, coverage varies by plan. If there is any difference between your total tuition and fee charges and the amount of credit that your Florida Prepaid can provide, you are responsible for paying the difference.
A deferral is the temporary credit placed on your account by MDC to provide time to bill your Florida Prepaid Plan. If for any reason the College is unable to complete the billing process, the credit will be reversed and the student will be billed in full with an immediate due date.
Yes, cancellation must take place prior to the 100% refund date. If you do not want to continue using Florida Prepaid please visit the Bursar's Office at your campus of preference to cancel the plan.
No, In general MDC will not bill Florida Prepaid for prior terms but you can submit your invoice to Florida Prepaid directly.
Typically, Florida Prepaid students will have their Florida Prepaid accounts billed close to end of the term every semester based on the number of credit hours enrolled.
The temporary credit posted will be reversed and will be subject to Tuition Differential fee.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
