On behalf of the faculty and  staff of the Department of World Languages at the Wolfson Campus of Miami Dade  College, we extend a warm welcome to our department and invite you to explore  the many opportunities to study a variety of languages with us. We strongly  believe in preparing our students to be global citizens, enabling them to live,  work, and succeed in the 21st century. 
                  We specialize in helping you interact with people from your  linguistic target language and supporting you beyond language learning to reach  your academic and career goals.
 At  MDC, we not only talk the talk, we also walk the walk; we are truly a  multilingual, diverse staff, Faculty and school.  We are nestled in a unique urban environment  that has the capacity to create unlimited opportunities for you, serving as, a  jumping point for your personal professional and linguistic development. We are  lucky to have access to native English speakers and a highly international  environment encompassing multilinguals from around the globe including Native  Spanish, French, Chinese, Italian and Portuguese speakers.  
 Our department offers language education programs in the following  areas:
 We look forward to welcoming you to our program.  Act today to start your journey with us.  
 


Monday - Thursday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
                Friday: 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. 
The English for Academic Purposes Program fulfills an important mission in assisting the immigrant population
              in the Miami-Dade County area to learn the English language in order to facilitate continuing education
              and entry into mainstream America.
For course descriptions see the  College Catalog
The Foreign Language Program emphasizes the instruction of languages other than English. French, German, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, and Spanish are the primary languages currently offered in the department. These courses enable students to expand their language skills.
The ACE program uses content-based instruction to teach English as a second language.
Yuddimila Santiesteban Perez
Part-Time Advisor
 

            The Writing Lab assists students with ESL-related writing goals through one-on-one tutoring and individual instruction by professionals in the field. Crafted tutorials and practice, aligned with the syllabus of each level, and challenging grammar and composition exercises are provided to students via Blackboard. Access to practice exercises and tutorials on the Internet is available for reinforcement purposes. The purpose of the writing lab is to enable EAP students to reach college level writing competency as well as reinforce learning of content delivered in writing courses. To accomplish this goal, the lab provides all sorts of material complementing the all-important syllabus of the classroom, the heart of the students' overall instruction. In addition, instruction on basic technology skills needed for research and educational purposes is provided by lab instructors right on the spot.
 The Speech and Foreign Language Lab provides the ideal environment for students to practice audio-lingual skills on their own pace and time with the assistance of voice recognition software, lab instructors, and tutors. Language learning software is used to provide listening-speaking practice, videos and audio for listening comprehension training and an array of multimedia learning materials are available in order to improve speech and listening skills in English for Academic Purposes and Foreign Languages. Room 1555 is equipped to facilitate live interactive oral practice with lab instructors and tutors, and monitor students' performance. The Internet for educational purposes and other learning materials on the Web are available to students. In addition, instruction on basic technology skills needed for research and educational purposes is provided by lab instructors right on the spot. 
Sergio Leon
P: 305-237-7420
sleon@mdc.edu
P: 305-237-3563
Monday - Thursday: 8:00 AM - 9:00 PM 
                Friday: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM 
                Saturday: 9:00 - 3:00 PM 

Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
