Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™

Accessibility Checklist
Accessibility Checklist for Online Courses


Adobe
Create and verify PDF accessibility (Acrobat Pro DC)

Microsoft
Office Accessibility Center - Resources for people with disabilities  (NOTE: "Make your content accessible" is the first option under "What do you want to do?")
Use the Accessibility Checker on your Windows desktop
Using Styles in Word


National Center on Disability and Access to Education (NCDAE)
Cheatsheets to help develop accessible content and/or check for accessibility with: 
                
Microsoft (Word, PowerPoint, and Excel)
Adobe (Acrobat and InDesign)
web content
YouTube captioning



National Center for College Students with Disabilities (NCCSD) Clearinghouse and Resource Library
Resources for Faculty and Instructors


The Paciello Group
Colour Contrast Analyser - Free downloadable easy-to-use tool to check color contrast compliance with WCAG standards.
               

WebAIM (Web Accessibility in Mind)
Introduction to Web Accessibility 
Quick Reference Web Accessibility Principles
Accessible Images
Alternative Text
Microsoft Word: Creating Accessible Documents
PowerPoint Accessibility
PDF Accessibility
Creating Accessible Tables: Data Tables (using HTML)        
               

World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) Web Accessibility Initiative
How to Meet WCAG 2.0 (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0)
               
 Login to Canvas
 Live Chat Support
The Faculty Support Center is here to help faculty with questions about their courses, schedules, technical issues or other concerns. The Faculty Support Center can be reached at:
Phone:305-237-3700
Email Us:onlinefaculty@mdc.edu
Hours:Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET
										Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
