Miami Dade College offers various scholarship opportunities  for new, continuing, returning, and transfer students. Scholarship eligibility  can be based on factors such as program of study, community service,  extracurricular activities, residency, campus/club organization, financial  need, veteran, etc.
By submitting the MDC General Scholarship Application, you  have the chance to be matched with one out of 300+ available scholarship  opportunities. All students are invited to apply for the scholarships we offer, so whether domestic, international or DACA.
 To link students with college scholarship opportunities  provided through the generous support of our donor community to pursue their  educational goals.      
 Students must enroll in at least 6 degree-seeking credits for each term a scholarship is awarded. The scholarship award can only be used at  MDC and is non-transferable.
2024-2025 MDC General Scholarships
        Application Opens: December 1, 2023
        Application Deadline: May 1, 2024 
        Award Notifications: July 1, 2024 
1.  Submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
        2. Visit the MDC scholarship  webpage
        3. Click on the Scholarship Application to Begin
        4. Answer all Required and Applicable Questions
        5. Submit the Scholarship Application by the Required Deadline
      6. Check Your Email
Congratulations on completing your Associate in Arts degree at Miami Dade College!
Are you aware of the Bachelor’s Degrees we have available for Today’s In-Demand Jobs? Get more information on Bachelor's Degrees.
If you choose to complete your Bachelor’s degree outside Miami Dade College, the next step is to search for a four-year institution that will be the best fit for you. While there are many steps involved in making your final decision, some of the transfer scholarship resources you will find at four-year institutions here in the state of Florida are listed below.
The Fall 2024 & Spring 2025 MDC General Scholarship Application is now open! If you have any questions, please contact your campus financial aid office. The deadline is May 1st.
You will be asked a series of questions that will help us find the right MDC scholarship for you. The deadline is May 1st.
Did you just graduate high school and are entering college for the first time? These scholarships may be for you. Students can only receive 1 First Year Student Scholarship.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
