Miguel B. Fernandez Family School of Global Business, Trade and Transportation
Located in Building R ,4th Floor
                    Phone: 305-237-2283
                    Email: BusinessLabKendall@MDC.edu
                    Manager: Tavares Scott | tscott4@mdc.edu

The Business Resource Center is a dedicated space for students at Miami Dade College to access academic resources and support services. The center provides access to a variety of academic support resources, including computer software, databases, and other learning tools, which can be used to enhance students' understanding of various business-related topics. Additionally, the center offers tutoring services to students in the Global Business programs, including one-on-one and group tutoring, as well as online tutoring. The center also hosts workshops that cover various topics such as career planning, resume writing, and interview skills, which can help students prepare for their future careers. Overall, the Business Resource Center is a valuable resource for students, providing them with the tools and support they need to succeed academically and professionally.
Learning Spaces Available:
Closed for Winter Break
                (Monday, December 18, 2023 through Tuesday, January 2, 2024)
              
New Extended Hours for the Spring 2024 Term
                (Starting Wednesday, January 3, 2024)
                  

                Monday - Thursday: 8:00AM - 6:00PM
                Friday -  8:00AM - 4:00PM
                Saturday - Sunday: Closed
              
Limited availability on other courses. Please contact us for more information.
Appointments are required and can be scheduled by phone or in person in R488.
Appointments are suggested but not required. Tutor availability can vary weekly. Please contact us for availability.
Large and small tables, comfortable chairs, wi-fi, power outlets, and mobile whiteboards are available for individual or group study. Bring your own laptop or use a computer in the lab.
Printing is available from our computers only (10 free B&W pages available per student per day).
Hard copies of many current business textbooks and other materials are available in the lab.
A dual-screen Bloomberg Terminal is available to BMC-Certified students, faculty, and staff.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
