Each campus has a culture that is as diverse as its student body offering an opportunity for teamwork and leadership.  Can`t find a club that suits your interests?  You can start a new organization. Visit Student Life for more information.
Student Government Association is an organization that represents all students on campus. SGA works as a liaison between the student population and the administration. We serve, represent and advocate for the students so that the faculty and administration are kept up to date as to what affects students. We also interact with the students and get involved in numerous activities. You can gain valuable skills in civic responsibility, financial management, community service, and interpersonal and cross-cultural communication.
The Reporter is the student newspaper at Miami Dade College. All content is produced by MDC
                                    students. The Reporter is a public forum of expression.
Get Involved
                            Student Life is where you may obtain your student ID card (MDCard), parking decals, activities calendars and more.
Location: Building 1, 3rd Floor
P: 305-237-8904
Hours:
                                Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. -
                                7:00 p.m.
                      Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Stay tuned on social media via Instagram! @MDCWestStudentLife
Dr. Cristy Calderon, Director 
ccalder1@mdc.edu
Grace Roque, Student Engagement Specialist 
groque1@mdc.edu
Michelle Fortner, Coordinator
mfortne2@mdc.edu
Pedro Fernandez Mago 
                      Administrative Assistant

pfernan7@mdc.edu

SharkNet
                    Visit  SharkNet to join or create a student organization.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
