Interested in taking your tech skills to the cloud? Join the Cloud Skills Challenge - compete against your peers & showcase your skills with a free, industry-recognized certification from Microsoft. The 30-day online challenge is open to anyone to participate. No previous experience in cloud computing is required.
Choose which challenge - or challenges - you would like to compete and complete. All free!  Build your employability skills and prepare for the exam to earn your Microsoft Fundamentals certification!
Register June 2nd for Azure Fundamentals
Benefits:
Register June 2nd for Azure AI Fundamentals
Benefits:
Register June 2nd for Azure Data Fundamentals
Benefits:
Register June 2nd for Security,  Compliance, and Identity Fundamentals
Benefits:
Register June 2nd for Power Platform Fundamentals
Benefits:
 Security Fundamentals in-person course at MDC’s Cybersecurity Center
                    Free in-person course with a certified instructor to help you complete the SC-900 certification. The course will take place Tuesday and Thursday, 10:00am - 12:00pm, from May 31 to July 21  at MDC's Cybersecurity Center. 
                 
Azure Fundamentals online course
Free online course with a certified  instructor to help you complete the AZ-900 pathway and certification. The  course will take place on Fridays from 6 to 9 PM, from June 10 to July 1.
Security Fundamentals online course
Free online course with a certified  instructor to help you complete the SC-900 pathway and certification. The  course will take place on Tuesdays from 6:30 to 9:30 PM, from June 7 to June  28.
See frequently asked questions below, or send us your question and we'll point you in the right direction.
Microsoft Learn is a place to learn, discover new skills, find certifications, and complete interactive, hands-on learning paths to advance one’s career.
Cloud Skills Challenges are hosted on the Microsoft Learn platform.
To start a challenge, register by clicking the "Begin now" button on the Challenge page that will be provided by Microsoft. You'll be asked to log in to your Microsoft Learn account and will be added to the challenge.
If you don’t have a Microsoft Learn account, that is okay. You can create a free account by selecting “Create account” from the login screen when joining the challenge.
                
To complete a challenge, you'll need to finish the designated collection of Learn content before the challenge end date (within 30 days of signing up for the challenge).
In the 'where you stand' section you will see a fraction that equals 100% (i.e., 8/8 or 5/5 or 12/12).
The challenge page and 'where you stand' section take up to a few hours to refresh. Please wait a few hours and check again.
You can find all the challenges you've previously participated in, or are currently participating in, on the challenge tab in your Learn account profile.
Update and save your “Email for notifications” in your Learn account profile.
For all issues with Microsoft Learn content please review the Learn troubleshooting page.
Once you complete a challenge, fill out this form and MDC's testing center will help you schedule the exam within 3 business days.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
