College-wide strategic planning is conducted every five years. Strategic planning includes a systematic review and affirmation of the College’s mission, vision, and values statements; comprehensive scans of internal and external environments; and strategic goal‐setting with collaborative input from the College community.
Collegewide planning is supported and facilitated by the Office of Planning and Policy Analysis within Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness.
View Full MDC Strategic Plan 2021 - 2026
Single Page Summary MDC 2021-2026 Strategic Plan
REDESIGNING THE STUDENT EXPERIENCE TO ELEVATE ENGAGEMENT AND SUCCESS
HIGH IMPACT STRATEGIES
1.1 Redesign and personalize the student experience by integrating technology and service excellence to elevate engagement and success.
1.2 Strengthen processes, practices and student support services that guide students through their academic and career pathways by leveraging technology, data and proven best in-class strategies.
1.3 Expand opportunities and eliminate barriers of access by offering flexible modalities and innovative curriculum to support equity and success.
1.4 Intensify partnerships to expand affordable pathways and access to early college programs for learners across the K-12 ecosystem.
FOSTERING A CULTURE OF EXCELLENCE AND INNOVATION IN TEACHING, LEARNING AND SERVICE
HIGH IMPACT STRATEGIES
2.1 Enhance student transitions across the education pipeline through certificates, badges, industry certificates and workforce training programs to increase formal recognition of skill attainment and degree completion.
2.2 Establish MDC as the leader in the future of work and life-long learning, and a talent engine through high quality, robust offerings for all learnings.
2.3 Prioritize teaching and learning innovations and ensure that programs and course curriculum and offerings are agile, market-aligned and lead to high demand, high wage jobs.
2.4 Implement equity-minded, student centered high impact teaching strategies that promote student success and learning outcomes.
CARING FOR STUDENTS AND ABOUT EACH OTHER & OUR COMMUNITY
HIGH IMPACT STRATEGIES
3.1 Design professional development to promote best practices for employee advancement, skill acquisition and support to enhance teaching, learning, and drive service and student excellence.
3.2 Ensure continuous workplace, business, and digital skills acquisition and develop deep expertise in all professional development opportunities.
3.3 Develop an organizational talent management strategy designed to attract, retain, manage, and motivate employees.
3.4 Position MDC to serve as a convener of people, innovation and changemaking.
PREPARING ALL STUDENTS FOR THE FUTURE OF WORK
HIGH IMPACT STRATEGIES
4.1 Ensure outcomes of all students including persistence, degree and certification completion as well as transfer success and job placement.
4.2 Provide all students access to high quality experiential based learning such as internships, apprenticeships, research and practicums to enhance workforce readiness.
4.3 Expand partnerships to strengthen the talent ecosystem for emerging industries.
4.4 Leverage technology to provide on-demand job training.
LEVERAGING INSTITUTIONAL CAPACITY AND AGILITY TO ENSURE SUCCESS
HIGH IMPACT STRATEGIES
5.1 Leverage a holistic strategic enrollment and communication plan that attracts, retains, and graduates reflective of our community.
5.2 Align the budget to organizational priorities and fortify financial stability through diversified revenue streams and partnerships.
5.3 Build a data-driven culture to enhance institutional outcomes and promote continuous success.
5.4 Ensure agility by maximizing organizational efficiencies to drive institutional success.
Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness
To contact a member from our team, please visit the Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness contact page.
SIE Service Request Form
Login to SharePoint Site
