Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
IMPORTANT: Google Chrome is the recommended browser for Canvas.
Download the latest version of Google Chrome browser.
Be sure that your browser is up-to-date and meets the minimum requirements in order to have the best experience when navigating Canvas.
You should always use the most current version of your preferred browser. Your browser will notify you if there is a new version available.
Due to the necessity of technology in MDC Online Courses, you must have a backup plan for using an alternative computer with internet access in case of problems with your personal computer. 
If you live in the South Florida area, you may use the  computer courtyards located on MDC campuses. If you have a technology problem that affects your ability to access your online course, please notify your instructor immediately.
If you can access other internet sites but cannot access your online course, you need to contact the Virtual College Student Support Center at 305.237.3800 to seek assistance.
If you have no internet access at all, it is not an MDC Online issue. Please be aware that the MDC Online's Student Support Center does not cover problems that you may be experiencing with your computer hardware, installation of software, internet connection, or other technical problems that may require a technician or intervention from your Internet Service Provider.
The following are not supported by ProctorU:
 Login to Canvas
 Live Chat Support
The Student Support Center can help resolve technical issues and answer questions about current and future courses and semesters. Current and prospective students can submit a ticket by emailing online@mdc.edu and will receive a response from the Student Support team.
For more information and assistance, please contact our Student Support Center:
Phone:305-237-3800
Email Us:online@mdc.edu
Schedule an Appointment:
Set up an appointment to meet with an MDC Online Student Support Team Member
Hours:
			Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET
			Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
