Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q. What is a Histotechnician/Histotechnologist?
A. Histotechnicians prepare human, animal and plant tissue to be examined by a pathologist.

Q.When do discipline courses start and what is the target review date for the program?
A. Discipline courses start in August of each year.  The target review date for students is May 1st of every year.  Milestone reviews can be requested after the target review date.  However, late requests may not be considered for the upcoming discipline courses.

Q. What are the milestone  requirements?
A. To request a milestone review for the program, you must have completed or be enrolled the program requirement courses.  However, the selection of students for the program is based on the number of required general education and natural science courses completed at the time of program selection.

Q. What are the selection criteria?
A. Because enrollment is limited in this program, selection criteria is based on the number of required general education and natural science courses completed at the time of program selection with top priority given to students that have completed all of the required general education and science courses.  Additionally, GPA is included in the selection process.

Q. Can I request a milestone review if I have not completed all of the general education and science courses?
                  A. Yes, you can request a milestone review before completing these courses. However, selection is based on the number of courses completed.  You are encouraged to complete all of the non-discipline courses to increase your chances of progressing to discipline courses.

Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. You will earn an Associate in Science degree in Histotechnology in approximately two years.  This will qualify you to participate in the credentialing process offered by the State of Florida Board of Clinical Laboratory Personnel.

Q. What are the hours of the program?
A. The program classes are offered weekdays from approximately 6:00 p.m. till about 9:30. We only have one morning lab class that is offered from 9 a.m. till about Noon

Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
A. Employment is not encouraged.  Students must earn at least a final grade of “C” or better in each course to continue in the program.

Q. Do you assist with job placement after graduation?
A. The Medical Campus does not provide job placement.  Through the Career Center located in the New Student Center on the Medical Campus, graduates may review employment opportunities that have been forwarded to the Career Center.

Q. Do I need to take a test to work in this profession after graduation?
A. Apply and successfully complete the American Society for Clinical Pathology national examination, then apply to practice as a professional with the Florida State Board of Clinical Laboratory Personnel.

Q. What is the approximate annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. In the South Florida area, entry-level graduates may expect to earn an annual salary of $38,000 - $54,000.00 if employed full-time. This does not include a sign-on bonus, benefits or overtime.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
