Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Get ready for a cutting-edge career with a bachelor's degree in biological sciences from Miami Dade College. South Florida is home to two major life sciences research hubs and more than 1,300 companies that are creating the future right now and have a high demand for skilled workers. 
Built with the recommendation of our region's employers in mind, this four-year program combines a strong academic curriculum with extensive hands-on training.
 A capstone internship with a prospective employer or private/public partner moves beyond the classroom, allowing you to put your skills to the test in the real world. Whether you love being in the lab or sharing your love of knowledge with students, our program's unique focused approach will help you refine the skills that employers demand.
You'll learn in new and renovated laboratory facilities, including the all-new North Campus Science Complex – a 70,000 square-foot facility that is home to botanical gardens and green houses, 21 labs equipped with a vast array of state-of-the-art equipment. Areas of study include:

Biological Sciences students can also choose to graduate with these additional concentrations:
In this field, salaries and opportunities can vary greatly depending on specialization and education level, with many positions requiring a bachelor's degree. Our focus on applied skills – developed with the recommendations of leading biological sciences employers – is uniquely suited to equip you with the skills you'll need to succeed. Students who pursue this course of study may find employment in a number of job roles, such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
