MDC offers its full-time employees a comprehensive benefits package, including Core Benefits and a variety of Voluntary Benefits as listed below:
The plan provides access to a nationwide network of attorneys who can offer guidance, legal services and representation for matters like buying/selling a home, wills, trusts, consumer protection, divorce — and much more. Plus, attorney fees are 100% paid-in-full for most covered legal matters when you work with a Network Attorney.
Available to employees who wish to defer taxes by contributing to a 403(b) plan with one or more of approximately 10 companies.
Additional One, two or three times annual base salary rounded to the next lower hundred, subject to a maximum of $400,000
Flat cost: $3.50 per month. Spouse or Domestic Partner [DP]: benefit maximum of $15,000.
Child(ren): benefit of $500 from age 14 days to 6 months, benefit of $7,500 from age 6 months through the age of 25.
Employees may establish spending reimbursement accounts for Health Care and/or Dependent Care as provided under the IRS guidelines
To earn a day of vacation leave monthly, the employee must be in a pay status on or before the 15th day of the month.  Earned vacation leave for the preceding month is credited to the record on a monthly basis when the reporting period includes the first of the month.  Vacation leave maybe accumulated in excess of the legal forty-four day maximum during any calendar year; but each January 1, unused vacation in excess of the forty-four day (330 hours) maximum shall be canceled.
Professional staff (Grades 15 and above) earns 6.25 hours of Professional Staff Accrued Leave (PSAL) each month, up to a maximum of 10 days per year. On an annual basis, the College may grant employees the option to convert PSAL to a cash payment. Employees are also allowed to schedule PSAL, up to the balance available. Employees may accrue no more than 225 hours (30 days). To accrue leave in a month, the employee must be in a pay status on or before the 15th day of the month.
Full time employees earn sick leave at the rate of one day per month. (Faculty earns 10 or 11 days, depending on the type of contract held.) To earn a day of sick leave monthly, the employee must be in a pay status on or before the 15th day of the month.  College employees may accumulate an unlimited number of sick leave hours.
Each year the college conducts a Sick Leave Pool enrollment period.  Eligible employees are those who have completed at least 12 calendar months of employment and who have a sick leave balance of at least 10 days at the time of enrollment.
Employees joining the sick leave pool donate 5 days from their sick leave balance.  Should a member exhaust his or her own sick leave, the member is eligible to use a maximum of 30 days from the sick leave pool in a consecutive twelve-month period.  Use of days from the pool is limited to the member's personal illness, accident or injury.
All full-time personnel are eligible to use four days of their accrued sick leave each fiscal year (or academic year for faculty) for personal reasons.
Hours
Monday – Friday 8:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m.
Location
Phone
Login
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
