Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™

                Online courses with MDC Online are created and copied via MDC Online’s Master Course process. A Canvas course shell is automatically created for Enhanced and Blended courses through MDConnect integration.

Courses are systematically created 90 days before the start on the term. Students are populated in your Canvas course four days prior to the first day of class (based on sessions).
               
Required actions for MDC Online courses before the start of the term:
Textbooks

Certify
Adjunct Instructor Copy (new edition or text)

Refer to:

Course preparation Checklist
MDC Online Academic Calendar
Browser Support (browser check available after you login to Canvas and click "Canvas Help" on the menu “Canvas Browser and Computer Requirements”).

Update:

Syllabus (Are your calendar dates, assignment due dates and exam dates correct?)
Instructor Information (Does your copied course still have the Course Developers’ information?)
Welcome Announcement (A brief welcome introduces you to your students. Be sure the welcome isn’t from the Course Developer)
Calendar (Be sure to add your course dates to the calendar, especially your proctored exam windows)



               If this is your first time teaching for MDC Online, you will be enrolled in the MDC Online Certification course. Detailed information on managing your course for  the semester, student engagement, Proctored Assessments, class rosters, grades and attendance can be found in the certification course.
View our FAQs for additional information.
 Login to Canvas
 Live Chat Support
The Faculty Support Center is here to help faculty with questions about their courses, schedules, technical issues or other concerns. The Faculty Support Center can be reached at:
Phone:305-237-3700
Email Us:onlinefaculty@mdc.edu
Hours:Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET
										Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
