The Department of Defense (DoD) Tuition Assistance (TA) program provides financial assistance to Service members for voluntary off-duty education programs in support of professional and personal self-development goals. TA is available for courses that are offered in the classroom or by distance learning and are part of an approved academic degree or certificate program.
All Active Duty Service Members (including Guard and Reserve) must contact their Education Service Officer (ESO) or Education Counselor within your branch of service prior to enrolling in any college or university.
In general, eligible active-duty Service members can receive TA at a rate of $250 per semester hour hour with a maximum of $4,500 for the fiscal year. The Services are authorized to establish Service specific eligibility criteria to manage TA funds. For Service specific TA policies and procedures, visit their voluntary education websites below:
The Department of Defense approved the use of concurrent receipt for Federal Tuition Assistance (TA) and the Montgomery GI Bill-Selected Reserve Education Benefit (MGIB-SR). Reserve Component service members are authorized to receive both TA and MGIB-SR benefits concurrently when enrolled in a program of education that is half-time or more. Concurrent use is not authorized when enrolled less than half-time.
Florida Tuition Assistance (EDD)
The Florida National Guard Educational Dollars for Duty (EDD) program is a State of Florida, legislatively directed and funded, education tuition assistance resource that is exclusively available to qualified Florida Army and Air National Guard service members to complete authorized post-secondary education opportunities that include vocational/technical, industry certification, continuing education and academic degree programs and support author support successful completion of authorized professional license and industry certification exams.
The following is how TA would work with some VA education benefit programs.
For information regarding Tuition Assistance, please visit http://www.military.com/ or contact Janet Galdamez, Account Specialist III, Student Financial Services, at (305) 237-0042 or via email at jgaldame@mdc.edu.
Miami Dade College Kendall Campus 11011 SW 104 Street, Miami, FL 33176 Building 2, Room 2141
Phone: 305-237-2841 Email: veterans@mdc.edu
Office Hours Monday – Thursday: 8:00 am – 7:00 pm Friday: 8:00 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.
