In this section
Student Resources | Academic Planning and Advisement | Academic and Holistic Support | Graduation and Transfer Information
First things first - apply for admission
Through the dual enrollment program, high school students can earn college or vocational credits that will also count towards their high school diplomas.
Financial aid information for transfer students.
View the International Students Website. Are you eligible to register? What documents do you need? What about English for Academic Purposes (EAP)? Learn more about EAP.
I want to study at another institution or attend MDC from another institution.
It's a good idea to apply, even if you think you are not eligible. The Financial Aid website has everything you need to know about applying and what to do after you have received financial aid. Be sure to explore our payment plan options, financial literacy website and scholarship opportunities too.
This is the online portal where students can review their progress and access academic records such as class schedules, credits, grades, faculty contact information, and more.
Navigate College with MDC Navigate.
An advisor can help you register for classes. You can also self-register through MDConnect.
Learn how to send transcripts to MDC and order your official MDC transcripts after graduation.
An advisor will help you review your academic progress, clarify your career goals, and ensure that you are on track to graduate. Find the Advisement and Career Services office nearest you and schedule an appointment with an advisor.
Our Academic Programs page features the 300+ program options offered at MDC. You can also search and compare programs here, and each page includes information about potential careers and salaries. To change your major or program, please complete this form. We have many Career Exploration resources available to narrow down your interests.
Once you decide on an academic pathway or program of study, you will need a MAP (My Academic Plan). This semester-by-semester plan outlines the courses you need to complete your degree or certificate. Your advisor will help you develop a MAP to stay on track. View your academic plan in Navigate or view your MAP in MDC's former system.
Did you know that MDC has several articulation agreements with a variety of colleges and universities? When developing a MAP, it is important to incorporate any transfer requirements. Take a look at our Transfer Agreements before you meet with an advisor.
View important dates.
The Standards of Academic Progress (SOAP) require students to maintain a 2.0 GPA or higher to remain in good standing and graduate from MDC. To support you in this effort, warnings are issued when your cumulative GPA falls below 2.0. If you see an “AS” service indicator or hold on your account, you will need to meet with the Director of Advisement or their designee and complete the Academic Suspension/Dismissal Questionnaire. Please contact an advisor if you have any questions about your academic standing.
View our Academic Syllabus
Nine libraries enhance the classroom experience through a variety of services such as tutoring and workshops. Our facilities enable students to reserve study rooms, borrow a mobile device, and access Tutoring Labs, Computer Courtyards, and our specialized collections of print and electronic resources. Learning Resources is here to help you achieve academic success.
A SAP appeal is a petition to reinstate your financial aid. An advisor must assist you in completing a degree audit check to determine how many credits and which specific courses you need to complete your degree or credential.
Single Stop offers students a wide array of services, including public benefits screening, financial coaching, individual counseling, tax preparation, access to a food pantry, and various other services. All of our services are free to Miami Dade College students and their immediate family members.
If you have taken a class multiple times and have not been able to pass, developing a SMART Action Plan with your academic discipline can help you outline the resources needed to succeed. Advisors can get this process started for you.
We strongly recommend that you schedule an appointment with an advisor to ensure that you are on track to complete all graduation requirements the semester before you submit your graduation application.
An Academic Requirements Report is the official record keeper of graduation requirements. This is different than a MAP which is intended to help you organize and schedule your pathway/program courses. An advisor will help you understand both your Academic Requirements and MAP. Reviewing these documents once per semester is recommended.
MDC has several articulation agreements with a variety of institutions to facilitate a smooth transfer experience after you complete your degree. Visit the Transfer Information page and ask your advisor how to incorporate transfer requirements into your MAP.
Looking for a part-time or full-time job? Visit the MDC WORKS page to find jobs and internships, join Handshake, and meet our Career Coaches.
