Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Emergency Medical Services program is designed according to national and state standards. Graduates will perform as advanced practitioners and as leaders in the technical supervisory and managerial aspects of advanced emergency care. 
The Associate in Science Degree is the completion point of the college credit certificates offered by the Emergency Medical Services Department at the Medical Campus. Before beginning discipline courses in the Emergency Medical Services Degree Program, students must complete the training as a  First Responder, Emergency Medical Technician, and Paramedic. It is highly recommended that students meet with a representative of the Emergency Medical Services Department at the Medical Campus prior to enrollment in the Associate Degree. 
Graduates will be prepared primarily for employment in agencies providing pre-hospital emergency medical care and secondarily, for jobs in emergency and other acute care areas of the hospital.
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
The Emergency Medical Services Associate in Science Program provides learning experiences that enable the student to acquire and assimilate the necessary technical competencies to function effectively as a supportive health care provider in the pre-hospital environment. The program is designed for certified, professionally employed paramedics. This degree includes courses in professional training, effective supervision and emergency medical services operations. 
To facilitate the clinical portion of the program, students are assigned to a clinical facility within Miami Dade County. Students are responsible for their own transportation to the campus and to various agencies in the community to which they are assigned for clinical experiences. Students participating in the clinical portion of a program are required to complete the Miami Dade College Student Health Record and criminal background check.
This program is highly demanding, and students are therefore more successful if they do not work while in the program. If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week. Students should also consider family responsibilities before committing to a full-time accelerated program. 
 Areas of study in the EMS program include:

Students who pursue this course of study may find employment in job roles such as:
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
