The Campus Planning area serves as a liaison with the District Facilities Management Division on all facilities related projects that are directly related to the Kendall Campus. Responsibilities of this office include developing educational specifications in conjunction with campus projects, such as coordinating renovation projects (including the processing of various work-orders and forms), and supporting the campus administration in the prioritization of capital improvement projects.
Please use the furniture work order and contact the Campus Facilities Planner at 305-237-2421 if you need assistance.
The definitions are as follows:Quick Jobs are most commonly defined as construction/renovation or repair projects that cost less than $15,000 and with less than six weeks of actual construction. They do not require state or other approval and are done at the discretion of the Provost in accordance with the priorities of District operational requirements.The Plant Maintenance Work Request should be used to report problems such as air conditioning, lights/light fixtures, requests for keys, painting, hanging pictures, doors/locks repair, or ceiling tile repairs.
Mario OrtizCampus Facilities PlannerBldg 8000, Room 8213-3Phone: 305-237-2419Email: mortiz2@mdc.edu
Hours of OperationMonday - Friday8:00a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Furniture Work Order Relevant information on how to request the temporary use of Miami Dade College facilities.
 Quick-Job Request Form
Use this form to request construction/renovation projects with a total cost of less than $15K, and less than six weeks of actual construction time. Campus signature approval is required. Please be advised that all "quick jobs" are authorized at the discretion of the Vice Provost of Facilities in accordance with priorities of District Operational Requirements.
 Telecommunications Work Order
Used to request new telephone or computer service, changes to existing service or actual phone or computer connectivity move.
Visit Administrative Services Website
