Miguel B. Fernandez Family School of Global Business, Trade and Transportation
MDC's School of Global Business is focused on helping students forge new career paths with practical information and training.      
We have baccalaureate degrees, A.A. programs that transfer to four-year  institution, associate in science degrees and short-term certificate programs that prepare students for a quick entry into Miami’s vibrant business community.
Open the door to your future today at Miami Dade College's School of  Global Business.
An Associate in Arts degree from MDC prepares students for  entry into a top university or profession. It guarantees admission to all  public universities in the state of Florida and can be transferred to dozens of  private and out-of-state institutions as well as the MDC’s Bachelor of Applied  Science in Supervision and Management or Bachelor of Applied Science in Supply  Chain Management degree programs.
Small class size and approachable faculty create a solid foundation for building your academic and career success.
Miami Dade College is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS). Accredited institutions confirm their commitment to quality and continuous improvement through a rigorous and comprehensive review process.
We offer many pathways to success. 
Explore our academic programs and get started on your new career.
Programs & Degrees
Students who are enrolled in a  college-level or vocational credit course and pass a certification exam, will  be reimbursed for the cost of the exam.
Learn more about certifications
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
