Law Enforcement | Corrections | Information on  Academies, Training Programs and the State Officer Certification Examination
Equivalency of Training | EOT allows an officer to be exempt from having to complete the full basic recruit academy.
In Service Training & Professional Development | Specialized training programs for law enforcement and correctional officers
Fire Science Programs | Providing educational opportunities for students to attain and improve their knowledge, skills, and abilities
Fire Safety Inspector Preparation Courses | Preparation for the Fire Safety Inspector certification state examination.
Training Programs for Fire Sciences | Providing educational opportunities for certified firefighters, prospective firefighters, and other fire career paths
Paralegal Studies - The Only ABA Approved program in Miami
Paralegal Studies Program Overview | Courses include a theoretical foundation in the law and assignments involve a practical application of the skills paralegals execute in the workplace.
Program Details | Additional information including admission information, courses, career prospects and paying for college.
With this public safety management degree from Miami Dade College, you will be equipped to serve and protect.
Tracks are available in Crime Scene Investigation, Criminal Justice
Register today to earn your College Credit Certificate in Digital Forensics, Associate of Science in Computer Crime Investigation or Bachelors of Science in Information Systems Technology.
The office of Private Sector Security provides State of Florida certified training to individuals interested in obtaining the “D” Security Officer license, the “CC” Private Investigator Intern license, and the “G” statewide firearms license courses and requalification courses.
Training and Consulting Services
The Assessment Center can design a process or program to fit the unique needs of your organization for employment, promotion and personnel development decisions.
Get Certified  - Get Reimbursed!

Students who are enrolled in a  college-level or vocational credit course and pass a certification exam, will  be reimbursed for the cost of the exam.
Learn more about certifications
 
Miami Dade College’s School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies  provides accessible, affordable and innovative education, training and assessment programs to produce highly qualified professionals for both the public and private sectors.
The School  of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies  strives to create a supportive environment to enhance the MDC college experience.
Learn about Academic Advising, Labs and Communities of Interest.
Get driving directions, department phone numbers/ emails
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
