As one of the premier flight and transport education centers in the United States, the MDC School of Aviation provides students access to a high quality education at a reduced cost.
All military personnel and veterans are granted out-of-state tuition waivers in pursuance of their first associates and/or bachelor’s degree. MDC also offers an out-of-state tuition waiver for eligible veteran students, their spouses, and dependent children in accordance with Florida Statute (F.S.) 1009.25(2). Further inquiry should be directed to MDC’s Veterans Affairs office at (305) 237-8888.
In honor of the late Timothy E. Johnson, Jr., a scholarship was generously established in his name. Available to those currently enrolled in the Professional Pilot Technology A.S. degree program, the scholarship provides $40,000 a year to the School to help students defray the costs of becoming a pilot. To be considered for this award, students must be full-time and have completed a minimum of 12 credits at the School of Aviation. Students must also write an essay and obtain two letters of recommendation from aviation professors. The maximum amount awarded to each student shall not exceed $8,000 per year. On average, 5 to 8 students of academic achievement are selected annually from the School of Aviation.
This scholarship is awarded annually to outstanding students seeking a career in commercial aviation. The Saul and Lois Eig-Watson Scholarship Endowment was established in 1988 through the generosity of Lois Eig Watson in memory of her husband, Saul Eig. As one of the largest aviation scholarships in the country, this scholarship program has presented more than 214 awards to outstanding students to help defray costs of any additional flight training required to achieve their next certificate or rating. To qualify for the Eig-Watson Scholarship, applicants must have completed at least 12 MDC credits, be a United States citizen, have a GPA of at least 3.0, and possess a pilot's certificate and/or have demonstrated an expressed interest in pursuing a degree in professional pilot technology.
Students who are seeking to earn their associate’s degree at the School of Aviation may qualify for the State-funded Bright Futures Scholarship. There are three types of scholarships available for graduating high school seniors. Florida Academic, Florida Medallion, and Gold Seal Vocational. Students should ask their high school advisors for more information.
Prior Learning Assessment (PLA) is a means for students to demonstrate knowledge and experience that was acquired outside of a formal college setting. This experience may translate into college credit at MDC and help fulfill degree requirements in a shorter, faster time span. PLA options include credit-by-examination (i.e., CLEP, AP, IB, DSST, Excelsior/UExcel tests), military training, portfolio-based assessment, and professional expertise.
Incoming students who hold a Global Logistics Certification may be eligible for up to 12 credit hours in the School of Aviation’s Transportation and Logistics program. Additionally, incoming students who have already acquired their private pilot’s certificate can receive 3 credit hours toward a Professional Pilot Technology program.
Aviation
Transportation and Logistics
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
