ACCESS
Provides note takers, assistive technologies, interpreters, tutoring, testing accommodations. Proper documentation is needed for services.
Counseling Services for Miami Dade College Students
Counselors are available at each campus on a rotating schedule throughout the week. Students can receive up to ten free hour-long sessions where they can speak confidentiality to a licensed counselor. If  you would like to meet with one of our counseling professionals see the  counseling schedule for your campus.
HIV and Substance use/abuse prevention
The “I Live Informed, I am Involved, I Care,” web-space promotes a healthy lifestyle among young adults by providing our visitors with information and resources regarding HIV and Substance use/abuse prevention.
LiveSafe
LiveSafe enables direct and discreet two-way communication with your community safety officials using text, picture, video, and audio. It also lets you virtually walk your friends and family home with SafeWalk.
Download "LiveSafe" from Google Play or the Apple App Store.
MDC H.E.L.P.S. (Helping Everyone Learn to Prevent Suicide)
The MDC H.E.L.P.S. program brings suicide prevention training to all campuses and outreach centers at Miami Dade College.
The training uses the "Question, Persuade, and Refer" or "QPR" curriculum which is a 90-minute face-to-face training. Participants learn the warning signs of suicide, how to ask the question, how to persuade, and refer someone to get help.
For more information about the MDC H.E.L.P.s program and QPR training, please contact:
Mental Health First Aid Training
This eight hour, face-to-face training program is offered free at Miami Dade College in partnership with Jewish Community Services, through a SAMHSA grant. The  Mental Health First Aid workshop teaches action plans to help those experiencing a mental health, emotional, or substance abuse crisis. Participants receive a three-year national certification as a Mental Health First Aider.  For more information about registering for upcoming trainings, please contact of of the following:
National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA)
The National Eating Disorders Association (NEDA) is the largest nonprofit organization dedicated to supporting individuals and families affected by eating disorders. NEDA supports individuals and families affected by eating disorders, and serves as a catalyst for prevention, cures, and access to quality care.
Helpline 1-800-931-2237 or TEXT 24/7 for “NEDA ”crisis support 741741
Public Safety
Provides patrol, safety escort, jump-starting vehicles, air for tires, and lost and found services.
Sexual Assault Prevention
The College provides information for new students on sexual assault awareness and prevention through the online 360 Stay Safe Building Community Program. The training provides information on prevention of sexual violence, stalking, dating violence, and domestic violence. The training provides prevention resources to create a safer campus environment.  The first module of the training includes information about the different forms of sexual misconduct, the legal consequences,  the importance of understanding the definition of consent, and how to communicate consent, and intervening on behalf of someone in need.
Silent Witness Form
MDC college community can report suspicious behavior anonymously.
Single Stop
Provides free benefits screening, free financial counseling, free legal referrals, free tax preparation services, mental health referrals and Visa and immigration assistance.Locations at Kendall, North and Wolfson campus and the Carrie P. Meek Entrepreneurial Education Center.
Veteran Student Information
Miami Dade College's Military and Veterans Services (MILVET) office is available to assist all eligible U.S. Military and Veteran students and dependents who are using their VA educational benefits to further their education.
Kendall Campus Fitness and Wellness Center
Get your workout right on campus at the Fitness and Wellness Center.
Kendall Campus Aquatic Center
Find details, hours, and membership information for the Campus Aquatic Center.
North Campus Aquatic and Fitness Center
Find details, hours, and membership information for the Campus Aquatic Center.
Wolfson Campus Fitness and Wellness Center
The journey to a healthier you starts with this first step. Get started today.
National Crisis and Support Line for students needing immediate mental health services and emotional support (including suicidal crisis and severe emotional distress).
Call 988
988 - Suicide and Crisis Lifeline
24/7 access to trained crisis counselors who can help people experiencing mental health-related distress. That could be:
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
