Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Virtual reality and augmented reality are  emerging industries, which according to field experts have the potential to  become the next big computing platform. Currently, both enterprises and  consumers are the drivers of VR/AR adoption, and while videogames are taking  center stage in this new platform, near-term applications for use include  additional diverse industries such as entertainment, healthcare, automotive,  retail, education, advertising, tourism, space, skilled trades, the military  and law enforcement.
An education in VR/AR through MDC's College Credit  Certificate program will prepare students for careers in this new and  exciting platform empowering the next generation of creative thinkers and tech  makers. MAGIC will be certifying developers and VR/AR specialists through  quality training, state-of-the-art facilities and cutting edge technology,  preparing them to meet industry needs at the highest level. 
MDC's Miami Animation &  Gaming International Complex (MAGIC) is offering this introductory course to  provide students with insight into the Virtual and Augmented Reality industries. From  the inception of the very first virtual reality technology to the most advanced  content and hardware available today, students will become familiar with all  aspects of virtual reality. The study program includes real life practical projects, interviews with industry leaders, information on industry growth and opportunities for content creators, developers and other entrepreneurs. In addition to offering quality instruction and practical knowledge,  material covered in this course includes: 

Typical job roles in this area of study include:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
