The Title V STEM-Wave provides a variety of career exploration activities for students in the partnering high schools and at Miami Dade College – Homestead Campus:
Earn High School and College Credit at the Same Time!
STEM Wave will introduce partner high school students to the MDC-HC Dual enrollment program. The dual enrollment program allows students attending Miami Dade County public schools to enroll in college courses. The credits that students earn at Miami Dade College count toward high school graduation and can also be applied to a college degree or certificate.
What are the Benefits of Dual Enrollment?
This upcoming summer, STEM Wave will offer a FREE 6-week summer program sponsored by the USDOE Title V for eligible high school students.
The STEM Wave Summer Institute seeks to introduce high school students to vast career options in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM); promote student interest in STEM college pathways; and provide an inviting learning space through student exploration and development. Learn more here.
Summer Institute Details:
Students from our partner high schools will have an opportunity to participate in various experiential learning trips, such as:
STEM Students are introduced to STEM professionals who provide mentorship via STEM Speaker Series and Project collaborations.
The STEM Wave project works with local high schools that currently participate in dual enrollment programs.
The MDC-HC STEM Wave partner schools are:
If you would like to partner with MDC-HC’s Dual Enrollment program, please contact us at 305-237-5229.

We are now accepting 2024 Summer Institute Participants. Apply today!
Learn More
 
Hours of OperationMonday - Friday, 8:00 AM to 4:30 PM
Miami Dade College - Homestead CampusBuilding: DRoom: 105500 College Terrace, D105Homestead, Florida 33030Phone: (305) 237-5229
 
Mrs. Edda Juarez-Infante, MBASTEM Wave Directorejuarezi@mdc.edu
Dr. Hong (Wendy) ZhuDatabase and Reports Analysthzhu@mdc.edu
Dr. Takevess HatcherEnrollment Specialistthatche1@mdc.edu
Ms. Angelica CavallaroOffice Specialistacavalla@mdc.edu
