GENERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT BAT INFORMATION
Miami Dade College Assessment Center no longer offers the Florida Basic Abilities Test (FBAT).  Law enforcement and correctional officer applicants are required to Pass the FDLE Basic Abilities Test Exam, or provide proof of exemption from Pearson VUE.
EXEMPTION INFORMATION
Per Florida State Statute 943.17(1)(g):
“A person is not required to take the basic skills examination and assessment instrument before entering a law enforcement officer basic recruit training program if he or she is a veteran as defined in s. 1.01(14) or holds an associate degree or higher from an accredited college or university.”
Law enforcement or correctional applicants must log into the Pearson VUE website and create a user account. As part of this account creation process, applicants will answer questions regarding 1) veteran status and 2) whether they have earned an Associated degree or higher.
EXEMPTION DOCUMENTATION
      Candidates claiming exemption for the BAT testing will need to ensure they provide the proper documentation if they are applying to the Miami Dade College, Basic Law Enforcement Academy (BLE) program:
GENERAL TEST INFORMATION
      The CJBAT, developed by Industrial/Organizational Solutions (IOS) Inc., measures the defined “minimum competencies” in three separately-timed section as follows: Section I – behavioral attributes, Section II – memorization, and Section II – written comprehension, written expression, deductive reasoning, and inductive reasoning. In total there are 97 questions on the CJBAT. To find out more information and register to take the exam, please visit the Pearsonvue website.      
Applicants who took the Florida Basic Abilities Test (FBAT) at the Miami Dade College, North Campus before August 14, 2019 may request duplicate scores. FBAT scores are valid for four (4) years from the date that an applicant passed the test. Please call the Assessment Center at 305-237-1476 to verify that your previous passing score is still valid.  
Once you have verified that your score is valid, click on the “Request Duplicate Scores” link above to pay for your duplicate score and follow these steps:
STEP ONE – Complete all of the required fields on the form.
STEP TWO – Click on the “Submit” button once you have filled out the form.
STEP THREE – Log in to your email to verify your signature
STEP FOUR - – Call the North Campus, Bursar’s Office to make your payment.

Bursar’s Office Phone:	305-237-9310		
                *Select Option #1 for North Campus                
Bursar’s Office Hours:	8:00AM to 7:00PM 
                Mon – Thurs
                8:00AM to 4:30PM	Friday 

STEP FIVE  – Email a copy of the payment receipt you got from the Bursar’s Office, to nac@mdc.edu and call our office phone number at 305-237-1476 for us to process your request. 

STEP TWO – Click on the “Submit” button once you have filled out the form.
STEP THREE – Log in to your email to verify your signature
STEP FOUR - – Call the North Campus, Bursar’s Office to make your payment.
STEP FIVE  – Email a copy of the payment receipt you got from the Bursar’s Office, to nac@mdc.edu and call our office phone number at 305-237-1476 for us to process your request. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
