With millions of educational, certification, and licensure tests administered in the U.S. every year, the need for secure testing environments and trained testing and assessment staff has never been greater. Nine Miami Dade College Test Centers have set the bar high for other post-secondary test centers and achieved national status as a leader in excellent testing practices.
The Testing and Assessment Departments at Miami Dade College were recently awarded Test Center Recertification by the National College Testing Association (NCTA). Criteria for certification are rigorous and are based on the NCTA Professional Standards and Guidelines, which were developed to guide test centers in the delivery of quality testing programs. 
The Test Centers associated with the Miami Dade College Testing Departments are among a growing number in the U.S. and Canada to have completed this intensive recertification process. This recertification will be in place for five years and can be renewed by demonstrating continued compliance to national standards. 
Congratulations are extended to the Institutional Test Administrator (ITA), Directors of Testing and Assessment Departments, and their entire staff for maintaining high test administration standards and for providing excellent service to a wide variety of students and community members in the performance of their duties. 
The National College Testing Association, a non-profit organization dedicated to the promotion of professionalism and high-quality service in the administration of testing programs, offers certification to college and university test centers that demonstrate exemplary practices. NCTA currently has more than 2,300 members, representing over 600 post-secondary institutions and more than 60 corporations and certification agencies in the United States, Canada, and around the globe.
You can contact the Miami Dade College Testing and Assessment Department of your choice for information about the numerous testing services provided.  In addition, there is also the Assessment, Evaluation, and Testing office for college-wide support.
Schedule Now
Submit Satisfaction Survey
