
The department provides students with unparalleled experiences in connecting classroom activities with topical discourses in cultural studies and the arts. Works of emerging and celebrated artists, along with those of students and faculty, are regularly exhibited in the Wolfson Centre Gallery to provide opportunities for intellectual enrichment. The Jazz at Wolfson Presents Visiting Artists Series (J-VAS!) and opera/musical theatre as well as regular faculty and student concerts add to the musical experience. Student-written plays, Improv, and dance performances are regular offerings during the academic year, as well as the Wolfson Focus on the Humanities Series, a sequence of invited lectures by artists, scholars, and experts in their field.
Our distinguished faculty, many of whom hold the highest academic degrees in their respective disciplines, employ teaching strategies that develop conceptual and technical capabilities, empowering students to function as informed citizens in a rapidly changing world.
Wolfson Campus is located in downtown Miami with its sophisticated multicultural climate defined by such attractions as the new Museum Park which includes the Perez Art Museum Miami (PAMM) and the Patricia and Phillip Frost Museum of Science; the Adrienne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts; the MDC Freedom Tower and Museum and Galleries of Art and Design; Wynwood Arts District; the Design District; Little Havana; fashionable Biscayne Boulevard and Brickell Avenue; and popular Bayside.
J-VAS! is proud to be the longest continuously running free jazz series in Miami-Dade County, offering a year-long program of musical performances by professional jazz artists to students and the public at large. Since its inception over twenty years ago, many world-renowned jazz artists have been featured.
Visit the Jazz at Wolfson Visiting Artists Series
This series of invited lectures by artists, art collectors, philosophers, scholars, and experts in their field are open to the public. 
The department provides students with unparalleled experiences to connect classroom activities with opportunities to practice their art. Every semester, there is an Opera/Musical Theatre performance; monthly music recitals featuring chamber, jazz and gospel ensembles; drama performances and student-written plays; dance performances; and yearly emerging artist exhibitions.
The Department of Arts and Philosophy at Miami Dade College’s Wolfson Campus offers an array of credit courses in art history, critical thinking/ethics, dance, humanities, music, philosophy, photography, studio art, and theater, all aimed at preparing students to complete quality degree programs.
MDC’s Studio Art program explores a broad selection of media, from painting to sculpture to photography from both technical and conceptual perspectives.
MDC's Dance program offers an exciting and enriching curriculum for both dance majors seeking professional career training and recreational dance students who want to gain a deeper understanding of this treasured art form.
MDC's theatre program offers small class sizes that allow for rapid technical growth while varied performance opportunities and spaces present the chance to put theory into practice in front of enthusiastic and supportive audiences.
The Music program at Miami Dade College, offers a dynamic curriculum for music lovers who want to immerse themselves in their craft and gain a deeper understanding of and appreciation for music, across multiple genres.
MDC's Philosophy program offers an exciting and intellectually stimulating environment for individuals seeking not just knowledge, but also a deep understanding about themselves and the world in which they live.
Department of Arts and PhilosophyMiami Dade College Wolfson Campus300 NE 2nd AveSuite 3604Miami, FL 33132
Hours of OperationMonday - Thursday8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Friday8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Schedule an appointment with one of our advisors so that we can help you choose the best classes for your program.
Contact your advisor directly or contact the department using the information below.
Appointments are not necessary. Walk-ins are welcome. For general academic inquiries, students should be present at least half an hour before the department closes. For academic plans, students should be present at least an hour before the department closes. To confirm advisement hours or advisor availability, please call the department.
Glenda PezuelaStudent Success Coordinator305-237-3201gpezuela@mdc.edu
