Beginning with students initially entering a Florida College System institution or state university in 2014-2015 and thereafter, coursework for an associate in arts degree shall include demonstration of competency in a foreign language pursuant to s. 1007.262, Florida Statutes.  The statute includes the following: A student who demonstrates proficiency in a native language other than English is exempt from a requirement of completing foreign language courses at the secondary or Florida College System level.
Rule 6A-10.02412 of the State board of Education defines foreign language competency as follows:
1. Successful completion of two (2) credits (i.e., the equivalent of two years) in one (1) foreign language at the secondary (high school) level.
OR
2. Successful completion of a postsecondary course at the elementary 2 level in one foreign language (1121) or American Sign Language (1150C). *Please see tab below (MDC Elementary Level 2 Offerings) for additional information.
OR
3. Students may demonstrate completion of the elementary 2 level through standardized examinations that document the required foreign language competency. Examples of such examinations may include College Level Examination Program (CLEP) and Institutional Credit-by-Exam. For more information, please visit the College's Credit-by-Exam web page.
Students admitted to MDC with a valid non-English high school diploma (including but not limited to students who have earned a GED in Spanish) or higher credential from a foreign country are deemed by MDC to have met the Foreign Language Competence requirement.
Students whose native language is not English may demonstrate proficiency in their native or other foreign language. A student who demonstrates proficiency in a native language other than English is considered by MDC to have met the Foreign Language Equivalence requirement. The mechanism by which foreign language equivalence may be demonstrated for students in this category is as follows:
MDC currently offers the following languages at the elementary 2 level:
In addition to meeting the Foreign Language Competency AA graduation requirement, students transferring to a four-year institution should verify the foreign language requirements with the receiving or transfer institution. Specialized programs at those institutions may require a level foreign language competency higher than that required by Miami Dade College and/or may not accept American Sign Language (ASL) or English for Academic Purposes (EAP) as languages to fulfill these requirements.
Can a high school equivalency exam, such as GED, TASC, or HiSET in a foreign language (Spanish or French) be used to demonstrate proficiency in a foreign language for AA degree completion?
Does a student who completed high school in a non-English speaking foreign country meet the foreign language competency requirement?
Does a student who has the following on his high school transcript: Spanish l = 'B' in 7th grade and Spanish ll = 'D' grade in 11th; meet the foreign language AA degree requirement?
Does a student who has the following on his high school transcript: Spanish l = 'no grade and 0 (zero) credits' in 7th grade and Spanish ll = 'D' grade in 10th; meet the foreign language AA degree requirement?
Does a student who has been certified in American Sign Language meet the foreign language competency requirement?
For more information please contact the MDC World Languages Department via the Partner Department Directory webpage.
Schedule Now
Submit Satisfaction Survey
