Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Translation-Interpretation Studies program in Spanish prepares Spanish/English bilinguals with the skills necessary to work as translators and/or interpreters.
 MDC's Eduardo J. Padrón Campus offers courses leading to an Associate in Science (A.S.) degree and two certificate options in Translation and Interpretation Studies in Spanish/English. Please note that the Haitian Creole option is not currently being offered. 




Estimated tuition cost:



Program credits:



Estimated time to complete:






The Translation and interpretation Studies program prepares students for  industry certification exams and eventual employment in a profession that is in high demand here in South Florida as well as nationwide.

Translation - computer-assisted translation is a required, complementary component of translation training, broadening the scope of translations and further improving their quality. Presently there are computer programs in the market specially designed to produce high-quality, timely translations in a cost-effective manner. Students will learn how to use these tools to develop the skills required for the profession.                
 Other areas of study include: 



Code of professional conduct for court and medical interpreters
Medical Translation
Financial and Business Translation




Legal Translation
Proofreading and editing
Terminology Management





Admission Requirements

Proficiency exam in English and Spanish
Basic computer skills                

Career Prospects              
Qualified professionals may find employment in a number of situations such as:

Courthouses
Hospitals
Government agencies
Translation and interpretation agencies
Telephonic interpretation companies
Multinational corporations
Software companies. 

Program Location


Translation - computer-assisted translation is a required, complementary component of translation training, broadening the scope of translations and further improving their quality. Presently there are computer programs in the market specially designed to produce high-quality, timely translations in a cost-effective manner. Students will learn how to use these tools to develop the skills required for the profession.                
 Other areas of study include: 

Qualified professionals may find employment in a number of situations such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
