Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
At Miami Dade College’s Benjamin Leon School of Nursing, the asynchronous online and blended RN to BSN program is designed to help the registered nurse prepare as a baccalaureate nurse professional. The program can be completed in three (3) semesters.
There are two tracks to choose from, part-time or full-time, to suit the student’s personal scheduling needs. The RN to BSN program expands upon the Associate of Science in Nursing curriculum. The program of study is designed to foster cultural competency, apply evidence- based practice, promote equitable and inclusive population specific health outcomes, build a culture of quality and safety, and use information technology to produce effective nurse leaders essential for practice.
The Benjamin Leon School of Nursing RN to BSN Program is known among its alumni for its outstanding nursing education and career services. If you want a flexible classroom setting with an individualized student-centered approach, this is the academic RN to BSN program for you. 



The baccalaureate degree program in nursing at Miami Dade College, 
            Benjamin Leon School of Nursing is accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education.
          
655 K Street, NW, Suite 750 
        Washington, DC 20001 
        P: (202) 887-6791 
        F: (202) 887-8476
      
The RN to BSN program is accredited by the Accreditation Commission for Education in Nursing (ACEN). 
Accreditation  Commission for Education in Nursing
        3390 Peachtree Road NE,  Suite 1400
        Atlanta, Georgia 30326
        USA
        Phone: 404.975.5000
        Email: info@acenursing.org
      Web: www.acenursing.org 
Students can choose from two different tracks. These tracks accommodate full or part-time schedules as well as offers a smooth transition into the program for those graduating from MDC with an Associate of Science in Nursing (ASN) degree. Get details on the tracks. Get details on the tracks.

Interested in getting your degree online? This program is offered fully online with the exception of two clinical courses. Some online programs also have face to face components, such as internships. Check with an academic advisor for more information at MDC Online.
Bachelor of Science in Nursing degree (BSN) expands opportunities in various areas. 
A Bachelor of Science in Nursing degree (BSN) prepares students for graduate education in various advanced practice areas. 
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
