Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
This two-year Associate in Science degree program prepares students to work as part of the health care delivery team in a hospital, private clinical laboratory, or research laboratory. There is a concentrated presentation of general education courses combined with career development, laboratory experiences, and hospital practice to accomplish this goal. 
Students acquire extensive knowledge of chemistry, microbiology, serology, hematology, urinalysis, and blood bank practices. Students also acquire specialized skills that include blood collection and the use of quality control in the laboratory setting.
 * Students typically complete this program in 2 years. Students enrolled in either the day or evening option must complete the program within 3 years for clinical preparedness.		  
		  Additional Program Information
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
Lectures and simulated clinical laboratory courses are taught at the Medical Campus. Students spend their last semester practicing in the four major laboratory departments at various hospitals, working alongside medical technologists, supervisors, and pathologists.
The program requires a total of 76 credits, including general education requirement courses. This program offers a day track and evening track. Coursework includes:
During their last semester, evening students must be available to do the clinical training in the daytime for the clinical courses.

Students who pursue this course of study may find employment in job roles such as:
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
