Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
To be admitted to the Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) program, applicants must: 
The BLSON is pleased to announce that effective for the Fall 2021 admission cycle, applicants who have met all admissions criteria including all pre-requisite courses will be considered for admission on a rolling admission cycle. Applicants who are in progress with completing three pre-requisites pending will also be considered in the regular admission period. With rolling admissions, the BLSON will evaluate applications as they are received versus waiting to evaluate all applications after a hard deadline. Registered nurses who have been in practice over 10 years do not have to repeat the pre-sciences courses to be admitted in the program.
This track is designed for students who are graduating from the MDC Associate of Science in Nursing (ASN) degree program and have submitted an application to the RN-BSN program and are scheduled to take their NCLEX RN examination within the semester of acceptance to the RN-BSN program.
To be admitted to the Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) program, applicants must:
Students must provide all required documentation (Level 2 Criminal Background Screening, AHCA background clearance, Urine Drug Screen, Vaccine, Titers, CPR certification) and be “Complio” compliant according to the School of Nursing guidelines and entered into the online tracking system used by Medical Campus.
How to Request a Milestone Review for this Program
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Step 1: Apply to MDC. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or 
        haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami Dade College application.
Step 2: Visit Medical Campus Program Admission web page to submit program application.
Questions About This or Other Programs at the Medical Campus? 
Call 305-237-4141 or email: madvisement@mdc.edu. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
