Welcome to the Department of World Languages at the Kendall Campus, where you can learn English as a Second Language (ESL) for Academic Purposes as well as American Sign Language, French, German, Mandarin Chinese, and Spanish. We take pride in a program that integrates the latest linguistic methodologies in grammar, writing, reading and speech, which are taught by highly qualified and experienced faculty.
Our goal is not only to impart excellent knowledge of the language you wish to learn, but at the same time, to give you a better understanding of the culture whose native language you undertake, for it is our conviction that through communication with others, we can together achieve mutual understanding.
Monday - 
                                  Friday: 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
                                
The English for Academic Purposes (EAP) Lab provides support  to students who need to complete our language program and continue their path to academic success at Miami Dade  College. The EAP Lab also provides students with tutoring services where students will receive help with oral  presentations, essay polishing, and homework assessment. In addition to regular  tutoring services, the lab hosts conversation groups. If students need help  using the Microsoft office suite or any other technology required to  complete their assignments, our lab attendants  will be happy to help. Newly refreshed machines with up to date components  provide blazing fast speed alongside fast Internet to match students' needs.
The Department of World Languages offers languages including Chinese, French, German, Italian, American Sign Language, and Spanish. The Foreign Languages Lab is designed to provide students with the help they need to expand their world by learning to communicate in a new language, along with completing the requirements to graduate. The Foreign Languages Lab provides a quiet and convenient place for students to practice their conversational skills and study language-related skills. Electronic media is used to facilitate audio, video, and multimedia learning materials in creating a modern approach to improve language learning. Room 6237 is equipped to provide practice with a tutor as well as independent study. Recently refreshed computers provide students with the resources to match their needs in an ever-changing, fast-paced technological environment.
Room 6237
P: 305-237-0895
Lab Hours of Operation: 
Mondays - Fridays 8:00 AM to 4:30 PM



Mondays - Fridays 8:00 AM to 4:30 PM

Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
