Home / Wolfson Jazz Ensembles

            FALL 2023
            Tuesday, October 31 
            5:40 p.m.
            Wolfson Auditorium, Room 1261.
The Wolfson Jazz Ensembles consist of three groups of exceptional music students. The Horace Silver group takes its name from the legendary pianist and composer of the 1950s and ’60s. The Blue Note group pays tribute to the famed jazz record label of numerous groundbreaking recordings. Both groups help young musicians develop by presenting a wide range of jazz styles.
The program’s most mature group, the Hard Bop Jazz Ensemble, has included some of South Florida’s finest emerging musicians. Over the years the ensemble has performed at jazz festivals in Switzerland, Italy and the Netherlands. The group has received DownBeat magazine awards in both composition and performance.
Notable alumni from these groups include Chicago-based saxophonist Rocky Yera, New York saxophonist Hery Paz, Trinidad and Tobago multi-instrumentalist Shaquille Noel, guitarist Richard Padrón, and pianist Kemuel Roig, formerly with Arturo Sandoval and Al Di Meola. 
All three groups offer an evening of diverse jazz styles that have been greatly explored through intense individual practice and group rehearsals.
All concerts are free and open to the public. Live performances will take place at Wolfson Campus Auditorium, 300 N.E. Second Ave., Miami, FL 33132. Building 1, Room 1261. All performances will be livestreamed, except for those occurring on Tuesdays.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
