Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Apply for Open Door. We will cover the cost of tuition, fees, exams, books, and more.
The Dental Assisting Technology & Management Program provides students with the essential experience, knowledge and skills required for entry-level employment within the dental industry. Students learn a broad scope of dental procedures, perform office management functions, and provide patient support. Students are taught to perform, related laboratory and office procedures and all delegable expanded functions permitted in Florida. Instruction includes lectures/laboratory coursework, hands-on clinical experience, and formal clinical internships. 
This program takes 1 year or less. 
The Dental Assisting Technology & Management Program is a Career Technical Certificate program that is three semesters of study requiring 41 CTE credits (1230 contact hours). 
The Dental Assisting Technology & Management Program provides learning experiences that enable the student to acquire and assimilate the essential skills to become integral members of the dental team. This program is highly demanding, and students are therefore more successful if they do not work while in the program. If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week. Students should also consider family responsibilities before committing to a full-time accelerated program.
To facilitate the clinical portion of the program, students are assigned to a clinical facility within Miami-Dade County. Students are responsible for their own transportation to the campus and to various agencies in the community to which they are assigned for clinical experiences. Students enrolled in the clinical portion of the program are required to complete the Miami Dade College Student Health Record and criminal background check process. 


Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
