MDC WORKS Career Studio is a professional development resource giving MDC students the skills they need to successfully launch their careers and create meaningful futures
Create your free account in Employ Florida and discover additional training programs, jobs, and scholarships available to you. Click here to get started.
Create your Employ Florida Account
Upload your resume to the VMock platform to receive immediate feedback. Activate the VMock service by entering your MDC email and password. When your resume receives a score of 70% or higher then upload your resume to the Handshake platform to apply and search for internships and jobs.
Upload your Resume for Immediate Feedback

New Users, Register. Returning students, login
Schedule a virtual appointment with a Career Coach
MDC WORKS provides customized career-related presentations to student organizations and faculty.
Explore majors and degree programs at Miami Dade College Take the Focus 2 Career Assessment to see jobs and majors that are a great match with your skills, interests, and personality.
Activate your free career profile on the Handshake platform. Handshake is where all of the job and internship opportunities, hiring events, job fairs, career readiness workshops, employer information sessions are posted. Utilize the free resume samples, interview preparation questions, career resources and/or schedule an appointment with an MDC Career Coach.
FOR FACULTY
                    Schedule a classroom presentation or practice interviews for your students.
                
MDCWORKS@mdc.edu
305-237-9675 (WORK)

Instagram
                        

Linkedin
                        
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
