Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
This certificate provides students with specialized knowledge in the content area of the international movement of freight. The course offerings address the regulations and policies affecting international shipments and border security as well as their governing regulatory agencies. Contact the School of Aviation at (305) 237-5950 for more information and advisement.   
All credits earned can be applied toward the School of Aviation's associate's degree in Transportation and Logistics. The AA degree pathway program is designed to prepare students to transfer to four-year institutions by providing them with the necessary general education credits and elective courses. 
                    Earning an Associate of Arts (AA) degree at MDC guarantees admission into one of the state's 11 universities where students can complete a four-year Bachelor's degree. An advisor will work with students to determine which elective courses will lay the best foundation for a selected major and continued studies in the field.
Topics studied in this certificate program include:



Transportation and Border Security
Transportation Public Policy Law
Inernational Logistics and Transportation





Career Prospects
Continued studies in this field may lead to employment in a number of positions such as:

Logistics Manager
Cargo and Freight Agent
Freight Forwarder
Freight and Cargo Inspector

Program Location


Earning an Associate of Arts (AA) degree at MDC guarantees admission into one of the state's 11 universities where students can complete a four-year Bachelor's degree. An advisor will work with students to determine which elective courses will lay the best foundation for a selected major and continued studies in the field.
Topics studied in this certificate program include:

Continued studies in this field may lead to employment in a number of positions such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
