Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
An emergency medical responder is a person who has completed a course that provides training in the pre-hospital care for medical emergencies. They have more skills than someone who is trained in basic first aid but they are not a substitute for advanced medical care rendered by emergency medical technicians and/or paramedics.  
About the  Medical Campus Emergency Medical Responder:
The First Responder courses provide learning experiences that enable the student to acquire and assimilate the necessary technical competencies to function effectively as a first responder to medical emergencies in the pre-hospital environment. 
In keeping with its mission and goals, and in compliance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Medical Campus promotes an environment of respect and support for persons with disabilities and will make reasonable accommodations. Please see the Physical Demands listed for this program.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
