A Program of the Miami  Hospitality Center 
The Hospitality Institute  offers ongoing job placement assistance to our students and graduates with the  goal of securing sustainable employment and launching a fulfilling career. We work closely with industry employers to  connect our students and graduates to the many employment opportunities in South Florida's expanding job market.
Students and graduates also utilize the resources available through MDC Works and CareerSource South Florida to create resumes, submit online job applications, practice interview skills, and obtain job referrals.
All of The Hospitality Institute trainings include lessons in employability skills such as  professionalism, work ethic, teamwork, attitude, punctuality, dressing for  success, interview techniques and business etiquette.
Employers can also connect to Miami Dade College’s Career Studio “MDC Works”.For more information, visit www.mdcworks.org or contact them by email MDCWORKS@mdc.edu or phone 305-237-9675 (WORK).
If you are an employer interested in connecting with trained and work ready employees, please email  your latest job postings to thehospitalityinstitute@mdc.edu
If you are an employer  interested in scheduling a recruitment event for one of our trainings, please  email your request to thehospitalityinstitute@mdc.edu or call 305-237-3267 and our staff will assist you.
.
Hospitality  Institute graduates have found employment in hotels, restaurants, cruise lines,  tourist attractions, sports venues, catering and event planning companies in a  wide variety positions including:
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
