Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
To be eligible to continue to the discipline courses in the Health Service Management Program at the Medical Campus, you must meet these milestone checkpoints:
Students begin the Health Service Management Program in either January, or August each year. The required natural science and general education courses are an important part of the program. Since admissions are highly competitive and enrollment is limited, it is strongly recommended that these natural science and general education courses be completed before requesting a Milestone Review of your academic records. Please visit the  Medical Campus Program Requirements website to request a Milestone Review by the target deadline dates of May 1, of each year for August (Fall semester) start and September 1, for January (Spring Semester).
You must also be enrolled in, or have successfully completed, HSC 0003/L Introduction to Healthcare Lecture and Lab. Completing these requirements will improve your chances of being selected to progress to discipline courses. Please note that taking these courses in advance does not guarantee admission. Meeting the program requirements does not guarantee selection towards beginning discipline courses. For this reason, the following criteria are used to determine which students will  progress: (Please note that there is no waiting list).
*Hum 1020 may be substituted with ARH 1000, LIT 2000, MUL 1010, PHI 2010 or THE 2000** AMH 2020 may be substituted with POS 2041
                
If you have previously attended any college or university other than Miami Dade College, you must arrange for that institution to send official transcripts to the MDC's Transcript Evaluation department located at the Kendall campus prior to the target date of May 1st for an August acceptance; prior to February 1, for a May acceptance; and prior to October 1, for a January acceptance.
Students who have attended foreign colleges must submit original transcripts and a certified English translation before February 1, to the Registrar at the Medical Campus for evaluation. For details, please call 305-237-4141. Students who have attended a foreign allied health or nursing program should consult the Miami Dade College catalog for more information about how to have their transcripts, diplomas, and credentials evaluated for U.S. equivalency.
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
