Miami Dade College awards applicable credit for validated military service training, experience, or coursework that is recognized by the American Council on Education (ACE). To receive credit, students must submit an official Joint Services Transcript (JST) for evaluation. Air Force training is evaluated as transfer credit from the Community College of the Air Force (CCAF) or Air University. To receive credit for this training, students must submit an official transcript from the CCAF. To receive credit for Coast Guard training, the student should contact the Coast Guard Institute (CGI) to submit an official transcript.
MDC also offers college credit for passing DANTES Subject Standardized Test (DSST) examinations. DANTES exams can assist current or former service members in achieving their educational goals at MDC. Students can take these exams in order to earn college credit instead of taking a college course. The Maps to Credentials project has been created to allow military service members and veterans the ability to earn academic credit for their military training and experience based on their military careers. The maps guide students to select pathways that accelerate their time to completion based on prior learning while serving their country. The maps match military training toward MDC courses in applicable Associate of Science degree and certificate programs. For more information, please contact us at pla@mdc.edu.
Learn more at prior learning assessment.
**All veterans and military students are required to submit a Joint Service Transcripts (JST’s), Air Force Transcripts and/or transcripts from prior institutions. Please review your options below.**
Students submit official military transcript to Miami Dade College, Transcript Processing Services:
Miami Dade College Attention: Transcript Processing Services 11011 S.W. 104th Street,  Room R301,  Miami, Florida 33176-3393
Telephone: (305) 237-2701 | Email: transcriptservices@mdc.edu
Applicable credits will be transferred.
The student will attempt to earn credits through Prior Learning Assessment options: 
Prior learning assessment options
Miami Dade College Kendall Campus 11011 SW 104 Street, Miami, FL 33176 Building 2, Room 2141
Phone: 305-237-2841 Email: veterans@mdc.edu
Office Hours Monday – Thursday: 8:00 am – 7:00 pm Friday: 8:00 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.
