
Welcome to the Department of Natural Sciences, Health & Wellness where students are offered an outstanding blend of personal attention and sophisticated technology in their pursuit of degrees. The Department offers a wide range of preparatory courses primarily designed for the student working towards an Associate in Arts (A.A.) or Associate in Science (A.S.) degree in all the areas of science, physical education, and sports medicine. 
Students enjoy abundant access to a wide range of support services: student and staff tutors, a huge array of video and computerized math and science materials and an outstanding Wellness Center that will enrich their curriculum and lives. Additionally, our excellent and enthusiastic faculty have decades of experience in helping students maximize their learning potential in science and health/wellness - related fields. Many courses promote service-learning activities and incorporate them into the curriculum; field trips and guest speakers round out a dynamic collection of courses and special programs. Let us help you plan your course of studies and show you the hospitality that Wolfson Campus is famous for.On behalf of all the Departmental faculty and staff, I wish you great success in all your coursework at Miami Dade College. 
Science Resources and Tutoring Services
Fitness and Wellness Center
Academic Calendar
The Department of Natural Sciences offers a wide range of preparatory courses primarily designed for the student working towards an Associate in Arts (A.A.) or Associate in Science (A.S.) degree in all the areas of science, physical education, and sports medicine.  View some of our Academic programs
Department of Natural Science, Health and WellnessMiami Dade College Wolfson Campus300 NE 2nd AveSuite 1540Miami, FL 33132
Hours of OperationMonday - Friday8 a.m.- 4:30 p.m.
Schedule an appointment with one of our advisors so that we can help you choose the best classes for your program.
Visit our Blackboard Collaborate Ultra Room
Email: wnaturalscience@mdc.eduPhone: 305-237-3658Fax: 305-237-7835
