The School of Engineering and Technology has multiple scholarships for new and existing students. 
                  Are you interested in learning new technologies like Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics, 
                  Cloud Computing or IoT? 
               
This is your opportunity to do it with support from a scholarship.
Choose Your Path to Success with more than 30 degrees.
The School of Engineering and Technology (EnTec) is offering the Javier Coto Scholarship to students that enroll in a selected group of tech courses in the Summer 2024 semester. The scholarship, sponsored by Miami-Dade County and Apple, supports the development of local talent in Artificial Intelligence and App Development. The Javier Coto Scholarship funds will be applied automatically at the in-state tuition rate after all other resources available to cover tuition and fees have been applied.
The scholarship funds will cover the in-state tuition rate and course fees of the students that meet eligibility criteria after all other resources available to cover tuition and fees have been applied.
The scholarship is available during Summer 2024 semester.
The scholarship pays only tuition and class fees and is not disbursable in cash.
Funds will be applied automatically after all other scholarships, financial aid, and grants funds have been applied.
No separate scholarship application is required. 
Miami-Dade County residents that are considered out-of-state students are responsible for any additional out-of-state costs per credit, not covered by the scholarship.
For more information contact entec@mdc.edu
Miami Dade College and Florida Power & Light Company (FPL) partnered to provide scholarships for historically underrepresented minority students to facilitate the completion of baccalaureate degrees in the technology field. The funds from FPL will be used to cover tuition, fees, books, and transportation costs for eligible  students. This support will allow students to focus on their education, accelerating completion and entry into the tech workforce.
The scholarship funds will cover stipend for courses fees and textbooks  towards the completion of a baccalaureate degree in Cybersecurity, Information Systems Technology, or Data Analytics.
The scholarship is valid for a year.
Lennar Foundation and Miami Dade College partnered to prepare students with the technical knowledge and skills to obtain the CompTIA A+ certification and become successful IT Help Desk/Support Specialists. Upon successful completion of the program students can seamlessly transition to a College Credit Certificate at MDC.
New students enrolling in MDC’s Help Desk Technician College Credit Certificate Program.
The scholarship funds will cover the cost of tuition, materials, and fees towards the completion of two CompTIA A+ certification credit courses.  In addition, the scholarship covers the cost of the CompTIA industry certification exam.
The scholarship concludes upon the completion of the two A+ credit courses 
Rebooting with EmTech Programs provides scholarships to students admitting to a bachelor's degree in technology at MDC. The program will support at least 60 scholars for two academic consecutive years with tuition scholarships, internships, research projects, (academic and industry) mentorship, industry certifications, and more.
MDC students must have met all the pre-requisite courses and have been accepted for one of the three bachelor's degrees in technology (Cybersecurity, Data Analytics, or Information Systems Technology) for the academic year 2024-25. Must be eligible for financial aid and be an in-state resident. 
The scholarship funds will be applied first to in-state tuition, after financial aid, and the remaining balance, if applicable, will be disbursed directly to the REP scholars. 
The scholarship covers two full academic years (2024-2025 and 2025-2026) with the intent of graduating with the bachelor's degree no later than Summer 2025. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
