Miguel B. Fernandez Family School of Global Business, Trade and Transportation
These programs are designed to provide students with academic credentials every step of the way. Certificates and associate degrees may be earned on their own, or they can be stacked to form a path leading to a Bachelor of Applied Science. The benefit of stacking is that as you progress along your path, you earn additional credentials while saving time by only taking courses that lead directly to your intended degree.


Focused on the applied knowledge necessary to immediately enter into employment.
Baccalaureate Programs are designed to accommodate the unique demands for entry and advancement within specific workforce sectors.
These are the fastest ways to earn credentials that prepare you for immediate employment. 

College Credit Certificates are designed for quick completion. They can be taken alone or blended into a longer study program. Whether you're already employed and want to acquire further credentials or just starting out, these Certificates offer a fast way to gain knowledge and skills. 
An Associate in Science degree is awarded to students who successfully complete a technical or occupational program and includes any Certificates earned along the way.
These programs are designed for students looking to continue their education and earn a bachelor's degree.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
