Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Mechatronics are all around us, from computer hard drives and robotic assembly systems to washing machines, coffee makers, and medical devices. Electronics that control mechanical systems account for much of the value of the average automobile, managing everything from stability control and antilock brakes to climate control and memory-adjust seats.

                Mechatronics professionals are the technicians and engineers who design and maintain automated equipment. Technicians and engineers conduct their work in laboratories, offices or on-site at manufacturing plants. These professionals work toward the same goal of producing safe and efficient automated equipment. While technicians primarily maintain machinery, engineers are more concerned with the design and development of components and products. 
Program areas of study include:

Mechatronics technicians apply their knowledge of engineering to solve technical problems and maintain automated mechanical equipment. This may entail inspecting, troubleshooting and repairing electrical and electronic components. They work beside engineers and scientists, often assisting in the re-search and development of production. Technicians, as well as engineers, are needed in a variety of industries such as:                
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
