Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Bachelor of  Applied Science (BAS) in Supervision and Management prepares students for  leadership roles and positions in a variety of industries within the Business  world. Graduates of the BAS in Supervision and Management program will gain  critical thinking and problem solving skills through the study of management  principles, case studies, Capstone Course project, practical internship  experiences and much more. 
The BAS in Supervision and Management offers three in-demand concentrations in Accounting, Human Resources Management and Hospitality Management. With six concentration courses (18 credits) embedded into the Supervision and Management program, students will gain the specific skills and knowledge necessary to pursue careers and be effective leaders in a number of different work environments including some of Miami-Dade County’s fastest-growing industries. After graduation, students will be prepared to advance to supervisory and managerial positions in dozens of sought-after fields, including:
The Supervision and Management program begins with College Credit Certificates (CCC) or a track in: 
The CCC progresses respectively toward an Associate in  Science degree in: 
Then advances seamlessly toward a BAS degree.
Upper-level coursework includes applied management practices, which allows students the opportunity to apply acquired knowledge, skills and competencies through their internship and capstone experiences. Courses are available in-person, on the web, or in a blend of both formats, providing a flexible option for full and part-time students. 
                  
                This comprehensive degree program is designed to meet industry standards and workforce demands as outlined by the Florida Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Miami-Dade Beacon Council.
The curriculum combines practical experience with the in-depth study of management principles. As part of this program, students explore the application of skills in a wide range of areas that include: 



Finance
Organization Management
Business Ethics
Organizational Behavior
Leadership Challenges and Supervision
Human Resources Management




Managing Diversity
Strategic Management
 Capstone
Internship 
Marketing 





Career Prospects
This program of study is designed to meet industry workforce demands and prepare students for future employment trends. MDC’s ties with the South Florida business community opens students to a variety of internship, fellowship and employment opportunities. With its focus on business, management and leadership skills, this program leads to a wide variety of employment options, including career opportunities in:



Financial Services and Banking
Purchasing and Procurement
Sales and Marketing
Hospitality
Insurance
Customer Service
Retail




Logistics
Food Services
Government
Aviation Management
Business Management and Administration


About the Bachelors of Applied Science
These four-year bachelor programs focus on the applied knowledge necessary to immediately enter into employment and are a great option for students with an A.S. or A.A. degree.
Program Locations



This comprehensive degree program is designed to meet industry standards and workforce demands as outlined by the Florida Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Miami-Dade Beacon Council.
The curriculum combines practical experience with the in-depth study of management principles. As part of this program, students explore the application of skills in a wide range of areas that include: 

This program of study is designed to meet industry workforce demands and prepare students for future employment trends. MDC’s ties with the South Florida business community opens students to a variety of internship, fellowship and employment opportunities. With its focus on business, management and leadership skills, this program leads to a wide variety of employment options, including career opportunities in:
These four-year bachelor programs focus on the applied knowledge necessary to immediately enter into employment and are a great option for students with an A.S. or A.A. degree.
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
