At West Campus Media Services, our mission is simple: to be your go-to hub for all things multimedia! We're here to provide a professional, and knowledgeable helping hand to students, faculty, staff, and administrators alike.
Our dedicated team ensures seamless execution of special events, ranging from lectures to large-scale gatherings, with top-notch technical expertise and creative flair. We collaborate closely with faculty and staff, tailoring our services to meet their specific needs and elevate their presentations and projects.
For copies of photos/videos of past events, portrait scheduling, in-studio video recordings, motion graphics, etc. Please fill out our request form
Archived Media Form
For requests for events pictures and video, please fill out our request form.
Event Pictures and Videos Form
For audio/visual support, please fill out our request form
Events Request Form
For fixtures (Podium, tables, chairs, Step and Repeat backdrop, etc.), please fill out a Campus Services request.
For logos, banners, posters, flyers, e-vites, digital ads, etc., please fill out our request form.
Graphics Request Form
For sending mass emails to pre-determined lists, please use the following form.
Mass Email Communication Request Form
All mass-email communication must be approved by campus administration before scheduling.
For posts on our Facebook and Instagram accounts, please fill out our request form.
Facebook and Instagram Form
For TikTok, YouTube, and Twitter posts, please use the District Social Media Form
For requests and inquiries,  please email our Help Desk.
Monday - Thursday 8:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
Friday: 8:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
