A Program of the Miami  Hospitality Center 
Training that culminates in industry-recognized certifications from American Hotel & Lodging Educational Institute in three hospitality disciplines plus customer service:  Hotel Property, Guest Service and Food Service.  Classes are taught by experienced hospitality instructors.  Hands-on training, industry related workforce readiness training, guest speakers and site visits are an essential part of the overall program. 
Hands-on training in basic culinary and catering skills, food safety and job skills that prepares students for a variety of jobs in the food service industry.  Classes are taught by a professional chef instructor.  Participants will receive an extensive overview of the food and beverage industry, and training in the job skills necessary for the position of entry/line level cook.  A catering component has been added to the curriculum due to the high demand for events and banquet catering in South Florida.
Training delivering workshops in hospitality, customer service and job skills, and state mandated food handler training certification
Training and certification in either State of Florida  mandated food safety or American Hotel & Lodging Educational Institute  Guest Service Gold training.  
 The Hospitality Institute has been delivering training to Overtown residents and businesses since 2008. Training opportunities are available in Food Truck Business & Operations, Hospitality, Culinary, Job Readiness, Food Safety, Customer Service and our annual Camp Hope at MDC for Overtown youth. 
Training will provide participants with an understanding of the enhanced safety and sanitation and COVID-19 prevention procedures required in the hospitality industry in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.  Training is based on authoritative federal, state and local guidelines including the CDC and Miami Dade County’s “The New Normal: A Guide for Residents and Commercial Establishments”. 
The Hospitality Institute can create customized training specifically for a business or organization’s needs.  Training options include but are not limited to:  team-building, employability skills, crucial conversations, motivational and life skills, conflict resolution, emotional intelligence and business-specific customer service training. 
Summer camp for Overtown youth in hospitality and culinary skills, college and career preparation, employability skills, and interactive activities such as campus tours, field trips, industry guest speakers and hands on training. 
.
“I think that it’s an awesome program. I love it.”
“It was a great experience that I will carry through life.”
“Keep this going. We should have had this years ago.”
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
