You can view your awards and payment status on the student portal. While you're there, you can also access forms and some of the same key information that's on this site. Go to MyMDC.

      MDC delivers your refund with BankMobile Disbursements, a technology solution, powered by BMTX, Inc. For information about BankMobile Disbursements, visit this link: http://bankmobiledisbursements.com/refundchoices/.      
The College begins processing Financial Aid Disbursements to students no later than 14 days from the first day of classes and after the 100% refund date of your classes.  After that date, refunds will be processed on a weekly basis. Because classes start on different dates, the date of your disbursement may vary depending on the 100% refund date of your classes.
What is a credit balance? 
An FSA credit balance occurs whenever the school credits FSA program funds to a student’s account and the total amount of those FSA funds exceeds the student’s allowable charges.
Paying credit balances 
If FSA disbursements to the student’s account  creates an FSA credit balance, the student or parent will be paid that credit balance as soon as possible, but no later than 14 days after:
Refunds will be processed through your selected refund preference with BankMobile Disbursements. However, if you paid your fees with a credit card, the refund (if any) will be credited back to the same credit card account.
A credit balance may also be paid to a student by issuing a check "payable to" and requiring the endorsement of the student or parent. A school is considered to have issued the check on the date that it: 
Term fees and current financial obligations due to the College will be deducted from the financial aid award(s) with the exception of earnings from student employment. 
More information on fees and obligations
Declined credit card payments may result in additional penalty fees. 
To utilize the College's parking facilities on any  campus you must obtain a parking decal.  Please refer to the  Colleges Parking Policies for more information.
If you do not  utilize the College parking facility and a parking decal is not obtained, the  college will refund the Term Parking Fees at the end of the specified  term.  The refund will be credited back to your selected refund preference with BankMobile Disbursements.
View Awards and Refunds
You may access your personalized Award Notice/College Financing Plan
Information about book advances.
Course Textbooks and Materials  
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
