Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Associate in Science (A.S.) in Entrepreneurship degree provides students with design thinking and decision-making skills and the confidence and relationships necessary to turn ideas into market-ready products, services, businesses or ventures. With cutting-edge curriculum and in-demand College Credit Certificates (CCCs) embedded into the program, the A.S. in Entrepreneurship provides the student with a competitive advantage.   
Experience the success and satisfaction of life as a visionary entrepreneur, improving the world, creating jobs and providing a positive future. This degree will allow learners to understand the context, concerns and language of entrepreneurship and prepare students to break into the marketplace with their own business. Envision evolving a personal passion into a profitable family-owned business, start-up venture, or social venture.  
Imagine being empowered by a program redesigned from the ground up from the Fernandez Family School of Global Business to prepare you for the challenges unique to the 21st Century, such as technological disruption and changing business paradigms. 
The A.S. in Entrepreneurship will help students to recognize and analyze a business opportunity and offers three track options: (1) Family-Owned Business (2) Start-Up Venture (3) Social Venture; these tracks allow students to earn two CCCs in the track of their choice as stackable credentials within the A.S. in Entrepreneurship.  
Students will learn how to recognize opportunities, convert those opportunities into economic engines and combine digital and traditional marketing tools to brand self, acquire customers and grow their business. 
Select Course Options (actual  courses based on specific program):

Entrepreneurs make up a diverse sector of the economy. Most  businesses in the state of Florida are small businesses accounting for 44% of  private sector jobs. These types of businesses form the backbone of the U.S.  economy, representing 98% of all U.S. businesses. A 2013 study showed Miami as  a powerful economic engine with the highest rate of entrepreneurial activity in  the country.
                Eighty-six percent of U.S. millionaires are self-made, with 21%  gaining their wealth from the sale of a business. Many of the most  entrepreneurial innovators are immigrants. Despite accounting for only about 13  percent of the population, immigrants now start more than a quarter of new  businesses in the U.S. More than 20 percent of the 2014 Inc. 500 CEOs are  immigrants.
                  Many students will emerge from the program to found their own  companies. Others will be early-stage employees by joining a start-up  team, or they may develop a business idea in their free time, becoming  "second job entrepreneurs." Graduates will be valued as top "intra-preneurial"  employees at large enterprises, based on the strength of their entrepreneurial  outlook, mindset and skills.
                A degree in Entrepreneurship prepares students for employment in  a number of areas such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to answer your questions regarding the Business Entrepreneurship program.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
