Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Apply for Open Door. We will cover the cost of tuition, fees, exams, books, and more.
The Health Care Services Specialist certificate program prepares students for employment as a Health Care Services professional. This program is for the individuals seeking entry-level employment as a health care professional responsible for part of the operations of the medical office or provide individuals with supplemental training in a previous or current health occupation. 
This program takes 8 months (2 semesters)
The Health Care Services Specialist College Credit Certificate program is a 27-credit-hour certificate program. This certificate program requires fewer credits than an A.S. degree and functions as an entry-level credential when entering the workforce. The program includes a series of courses that prepare students to become proficient on the latest software used in medical offices. 
A medical office manager plays an integral part in the day-to-day operations of a medical practice. Medical office manager responsibilities include, but are not limited to, monitoring the office budget, ordering medical supplies, and implementing office policies and procedures. Graduates will also be trained to understand the complexities of healthcare insurance regulations and payment systems. College credits granted with this certificate apply towards the A.S. Health Science track option in Health Services Management. 

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
