Policies analysis is multifaceted. As outlined by Patton, Sawicki, & Clark (2013) it involves several steps including problem identification, determining policy objectives, establishing evaluation criteria, suggesting and assessing possible alternatives, and implementing, monitoring, and evaluating new policies or revisions.  Evidence based policy analysis is about generating/gathering facts, exploring options and helping identify productive paths forward when addressing complex interconnected issues and challenges.  A reasoned, evidence-based review of possible approaches is used to articulate, examine, and evaluate options.  Strengths and weaknesses are identified based on the initiatives intended outcome/policy objectives that maintains compliance with external mandates and builds on internal priorities.  The intent is to optimize and agree on productive approaches, implement them to expedite goal attainment and monitor/assess progress and performance.  Another aspect of policy analysis focuses on reviewing the formal mandatory framework of standards under which the institution manages its affairs. Organizational policies identify and codify the institution’s established approach for complying with external requirements and benefit from periodic review and updating. 
Community Workforce Program (CWP)
Southern Association for Institutional Research (SAIR)
Southern Regional Education Board (SREB)
The Beacon Council
The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC)
BEBR - Bureau of Economic and Business Research
Career Source South Florida
Center for Postsecondary Success (CPS)
Florida Association for Institutional Research
Florida Department of Education
Florida Education & Training Placement Information Program (FETPIP)
FloridaShines
Launch My Career
Take Stock in Children
Data Points
Achieving the Dream
American Association for Community Colleges (AACC) Research
Assessment Commons
Association for Institutional Research
College Salary Report
Common Data Set
Community College Research Center - Teachers College, Columbia University
Excelencia in Education
Georgetown University Center on Education and the Workforce (CEW)
IPEDS Trend Generator
Jobs for the Future
Living Wage Calculator
National Center for Education Statistics
National Community College Benchmark Project (NCCBP) & Institute
National Student Clearinghouse
Society for College and University Planning (SCUP)
The League for Innovation in Community Colleges
The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC)
US. Department of Education
US. Department of Health & Human Services
Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness
To contact a member from our team, please visit the Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness contact page.
SIE Service Request Form
Login to SharePoint Site
