Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Technology (IST) introduces concepts upon which information systems are founded and analyzes them as solutions to real-world problems. The curriculum provides students with the critical skills and knowledge required to direct and control the design, planning and management of information infrastructures in professional settings. This degree program addresses the workplace need for professionals with information systems management and development expertise.
Computer systems analysts, computer network architects, and computer systems administrators consistently make the list for the annual U.S. News and World Report’s 100 Best Jobs. It is expected that careers in this field of study will continue to be among the fastest growing occupations.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, computer network architects’ median salary is $116,780. Computer systems analysts responsible for an organization’s computer systems and its optimization average $93,730.
The program’s comprehensive curriculum includes coursework in network security, information storage management, systems administration and maintenance, network design and planning, wireless networks, and IT project management.
There is only one Bachelor of Science  in Information Systems Technology. Students may choose one of three program  Concentrations:  Software Engineering or Networking
This Concentration focuses on how to plan, design, implement and maintain network infrastructures. Students will learn how to select the technologies that best suit the client’s needs. Students will also learn how to install, maintain, and extend multi-user computer systems and how to develop administrative policies and procedures.
Areas of study in the Networking Concentration include:
View Additional Concentration:

Students in the B.S. in Information Systems Technology (IST) program will learn to create technological solutions that help companies meet their organizational objectives. The knowledge gained may be applied broadly, in a range of professional situations covering information technology, network infrastructures, systems analysis, cybersecurity and more. Students will acquire professional technical skills, including:
Graduates of the B.S. – IST program with a Networking Concentration  may qualify for employment in the following job roles and areas: 
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
As a benefit of the  Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Technology, MDC has an agreement in place that give graduates the opportunity to advance to a Master's degree and  possibly complete it in one year:
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
