Home / Dick Oatts

            FALL 2023
            Wednesday, Nov 1
            Noon
            Wolfson Auditorium, Room 1261.
Watch the Livestream
Dick Oatts became a member of the Thad Jones-Mel Lewis Orchestra in 1977. Since then, he has recorded and toured with small groups such as Red Rodney, Eddie Gomez, Vic Juric and Bob Brookmeyer. His big band and larger group experience includes performances with the Vanguard Jazz Orchestra, Carnegie Hall Jazz Band, Paquito D`Rivera, Jim McNeely and Tito Puente. He has accompanied such vocalists as Joe Williams, Sarah Vaughn, Ella Fitzgerald and Mel Torme. He also has recorded solos for pop artists James Taylor and Everything But the Girl. 
Oatts is a Steeplechase recording artist and has released six CDs as a leader. He has also released three CDs as a leader on the DMP label with pianist and co-leader, Garry Dial. For 30 years, Oatts has appeared at college jazz festivals as a soloist and clinician throughout the U.S., Europe, Asia, Canada, South America and the Middle East. Prior to his appointment at Boyer College of Music and Dance, Oatts was a member of the Manhattan School of Music faculty and has been artist-in-residence at the Amsterdam Conservatory.
All concerts are free and open to the public. Live performances will take place at Wolfson Campus Auditorium, 300 N.E. Second Ave., Miami, FL 33132. Building 1, Room 1261. All performances will be livestreamed, except for those occurring on Tuesdays.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
