Dr. Ivonne Lamazares and Prof. Victor Calderin have been working with students to publish Café Cultura for over twelve years. It is also known as MDC Hialeah's Award-Winning Literary and Arts magazine. Café Cultura is published once a year and the students work year-round in collecting the poetry, fiction, photography and visual art pieces from their fellow students. The work collected in the magazine celebrates the artistic talent and creative heart of our campus.
Over the years, the magazine has gathered local recognition from the City of Hialeah, won the General Excellence Awards multiple times from the Florida College System Publications Association, and earned the prestigious national Gold Crown award from the Columbia Scholastic Press Association.
“The whole magazine is student-created,” said MDC Professor Victor Calderín, who serves as one of the faculty advisors for Café Cultura along with Professor Ivonne Lamazares. “We advise and help them, but it’s entirely student-driven.”
Café Cultura brings together a rich variety of perspectives, with staff and contributors including part-time students and full-time working parents along with recent high school graduates who are still choosing their academic paths.
Team members learn valuable skills in editing and publishing a magazine. You can also have your work published and be considered for awards. For more information, please contact Dr. Lamazares at ilamaza1@mdc.edu or Prof. Calderin at vcalderi@mdc.edu.
The magazine is launched every year in October and published entirely by the students of MDC Hialeah.
VIEW THE LATEST EDITION
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
