Miami Dade College purchases a wide range of commodities and services from many businesses. The selection of suppliers and contractors is based on criteria which may include competitive prices, quality and timely delivery of services or goods.
It is the Purchasing Department's duty to assure that items that are required by the departments are purchased as expeditiously as possible while adhering to all of the rules and regulations established for procurement by the College, the State and according to good business practices.
To begin the process register your company by visiting our eSupplier portal.
If you have any questions, please contact the Purchasing Department at 305-237-0018 or email: MDCVendors@mdc.edu
Effective Tuesday, January 19, 2021, Miami Dade College Purchasing Department will be moving its bid notification and bid submission system to BidNet Direct as part of the Florida Purchasing Group.  All College issued solicitations will be posted on the Florida BidNet Direct website for suppliers to access. Suppliers will have the ability to download the bid document as well as any Addendums or other supporting bid documents. In addition, suppliers will be able to upload their electronic bid responses to the College via the BidNet portal as well as receive intent to award notifications. You must register with BidNet Direct in order to view the official solicitation documents. There are free and paid registration options available.
Visit the BidNet Direct Site Now
Miami Dade College is pleased to announce our eSupplier Portal, the College’s online supplier registration process. Existing suppliers of the College may access the Portal to confirm or modify information on record and view recent financial activity, such as payment dates, check numbers, etc.This online system process was designed to allow our suppliers to interact with the College’s database directly and securely. We appreciate all of the businesses that provide goods and services to the College and are confident that this new process will better enable us to maintain an accurate, comprehensive supplier database. To access the system register at mdcsupplier.mdc.edu and select “Create New User Accounts” .If you have any questions, please contact the Purchasing Department, the Minority and Small Business Enterprise Office or send an email to mdcvendors@mdc.edu.
Visit the MDC Supplier System
