Need to take the FCLE? Find out if you need to complete this graduation requirement. For information about the FCLE, please visit the Learning Resources FCLE LibGuide and Testing and Assessment's FCLE webpage for Test Preparation resources.
Requirements 2018-2019 through 2020-2021
Prior to the award of an associate in arts or baccalaureate degree, first-time-in-college students entering a Florida College System (FCS) or State University System (SUS) institution in the 2018-2019 academic school year and thereafter, must demonstrate competency in civic literacy by the time they graduate pursuant to s. 1007.25(4), Florida Statutes. Students have the option to demonstrate competency through successful completion of a civic literacy course or by achieving a passing score on an assessment.
New Requirements Approved by FLDOE on 10/20/2021 and 03/30/2022
Associate in arts or baccalaureate degree students entering a Florida College System (FCS) or State University System (SUS) institution in the 2021-2022 academic school year and thereafter must demonstrate competency through successful completion of a civic literacy course AND by achieving a passing score on the Florida Civic Literacy Examination (FCLE).
First-time-in-college students who entered between Fall 2018 and Summer 2021 will continue to have the option of passing a course or an approved assessment. 
A subsequent rule amendment added the civic literacy requirement as a condition of A.S./A.A.S degree completion for students entering an FCS institution in Fall 2022 and thereafter. 
On March 30, 2022 the Florida Board of Education added the civic literacy requirement as a condition of A.S./A.A.S. degree completion to coincide with general education changes from House Bill 1507. This applied to students entering an FCS institution in Fall 2022 and thereafter.
Rule 6A-10.02413 of the State Board of Education defines civic literacy competency as follows:
Students seeking an Associate in Arts or baccalaureate degree initially entering FCS under 2021-2022 catalog year and beyond or with an MDC requirement term of Fall 2021 and beyond.
Students seeking an Associate in Science (A.S.)/Associate in Applied Science (A.A.S.) degree initially entering FCS under 2022-2023 catalog year and beyond or with an MDC requirement term of Fall 2022 and beyond.
The Civic Literacy Requirement Applies To
Programs
Student Requirements
Notes
The Civic Literacy Requirement Applies To
Programs
Student Requirements
Notes
The Civic Literacy Requirement Applies To
Programs
Student Requirements
Notes
Who is required to meet the Civic Literacy Competency requirement?
Who is exempt from meeting the Civic Literacy Competency requirement during catalog years 2018-2019 through 2020-2021?
How does the amended rule apply to students who were previously dual enrolled?
Is Civic Literacy a graduation requirement?
Is Civic Literacy Competency a graduation requirement for all academic programs?
Does the Civic Literacy Competency graduation requirement apply to students who earned college credits prior to Fall 2018?
Does “initially entering” mean the same thing as first-time-in-college (FTIC)?
How does the amended rule apply to transfer students?
How the amended rule apply to out-of-state students?
How does the amended rule apply to baccalaureate students who are entering with an A.A. or A.S./A.A.S. degree?
Does a student with a bachelor’s degree from an SUS, private, or out-of-state institution entering an second bachelors level program at MDC  in Fall 2021 or beyond need to meet the new civic literacy requirement of course and assessment?   Is the attainment of a bachelors sufficient to satisfy the requirement?
Does a student who attended a Florida College System (FCS) institution more than one year ago (received a degree or earned some credits from the institution) and is now returning to the same or another FCS institution required to satisfy the new civic literacy requirement?
Approved Courses and Assessments
How does credit-by-exam apply toward the civic literacy requirement?
How long are assessment scores valid? Is there an expiration date?
If students complete AMH 2020 or POS 2041, do they still need to complete an assessment?
Does the final exam in AMH 2020 or POS 2041 count toward meeting the assessment requirement?
What competencies does the FCLE cover?
How many test questions appear on the FCLE?
What is the passing score on the FCLE?
What is the criteria to take the FCLE at MDC for the first time and for retesting?
Are online test preparation resources available?
What testing accommodations will be available?
If high school students or students from another Florida public postsecondary institution pass the FCLE, will they have fulfilled both the assessment and the course requirements?
Do I need Civic Literacy Competency requirement as a dual enrollment student?
What if I matriculate after High School?
What if I am a homeschooled dual enrollment student?
Are dual enrollment students required to pass an approved course and assessment to demonstrate civic literacy competency?
Please see the chart below that summarizes the guidance for dual enrollment students regarding the civic literacy competency requirement.
Yes, under the following conditions:
Former dual enrollment students who matriculate to an FCS or SUS institution will have to demonstrate civic literacy competency if they enroll in the degree programs below:
• Associate Degree (AA, AS, AAS)
• Baccalaureate Degree (BA, BS, BAS)
Public School Students
• At the public high school*
• At the FCS institution, if available**
Home Education Students
• At the FCS institution, if available**
Private School Students
• At the FCS institution, if available**
At the FCS or SUS institution of enrollment.
*Public high schools are not required to offer the FCLE to dually enrolled students but may choose to do so at their discretion.
**FCS institutions are not required to offer the FCLE to dually enrolled students but may choose to do so at their discretion.
For information about the FCLE, please visit the Learning Resources FCLE LibGuide and Testing and Assessment's FCLE webpage for Test Preparation resources.
The AP can be used to meet the course and test requirement.
CLEP American Government is available at the Miami Dade College test centers. The CLEP can be used to meet the course and test requirement.
For more information please contact the MDC Social Sciences Department via the Partner Department Directory webpage.
Schedule Now
Submit Satisfaction Survey
