Admissions and support information for international students
Join a welcoming community, make new friends and start a new life in  Miami.
Academic Excellence
                              No matter what area of study you choose, you will benefit from MDC's commitment to academic excellence. Our superb faculty and advisement staff will be with you all the way, ensuring that you're motivated, focused, and keeping pace with your studies.
Affordable
                            MDC is the most affordable and reliable accredited college in  South Florida.  
Gateway to a 4-year University
                            MDC has transfer agreements in place with more than 60 colleges and universities nationwide. These agreements facilitate the process and ensure that students seamlessly advance from MDC to some of the best institutions in the country. Students who earn an Associate in Arts degree from MDC are guaranteed admission into a state university in Florida.
 Stay With Us
                          You may also choose to stay at MDC and transition to one of our Bachelor's degree programs.
Big & Small
                          MDC offers all the resources and academic excellence of a large college along with small class sizes and individual attention to students.
Complete and submit all required documents. You must also satisfy the English language requirement.
After completing admission requirements, you may proceed to the visa process and certificate of eligibility.
After your Visa is approved and you have received confirmation of acceptance to the College, review housing options. Get familiar with United States Citizenship and Immigration Services requirements for international students.
Arrive approximately four weeks before the beginning of the intended term of enrollment and report to international student services. Attend orientation for international students.
Pay your tuition online.
Miami is one of the most international cities in the Americas. Its streets are  filled with the distinct sounds and sights of our close  Caribbean, Central and South American neighbors.  The voices  of visitors from Africa, Asia and Europe are heard at our beaches, shops and sidewalks. The  welcoming, cosmopolitan ambiance of Miami is ideal for international students wanting to pursue their studies under the glorious Florida sun. White sand beaches, water sports, arts, culture and all types of entertainment makes the Greater Miami area one of the most unique locations in the country.                
 Students must provide their own  transportation from the International Airport or other transportation centers.  Each student must provide their local address and telephone number to the  International Student Services department immediately upon arrival in the  community. Changes of address must also be immediately provided to the College  and Immigration authorities for records purposes.
Student Life offers opportunities to participate in a vibrant campus environment with many clubs and organizations including International Student Organizations. Student are able to become writers and artists for our award-winning literary magazines and newspapers. MDC presents many signature cultural events which brings hundreds of world renowned authors, filmmakers and actors to MDC including Heritage Month celebrations, Miami International Book Fair, and the Miami International Film Festival. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
