Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Information Technology Support College Credit Certificate program is designed to provide an opportunity to establish a basic foundation in computer applications for employment in scientific, commercial, industrial and government institutions. Graduates are prepared for positions as data-entry specialists, software applications specialists and office systems specialists to meet the demands of today’s automated offices. 
Training in this program include computer repair and installation, troubleshooting operating systems, understanding the foundations of networking technologies, and providing excellence in customer service.  Students who complete this program will have the necessary training to sit for the CompTIA A+ Certification Examination. Areas of study include:

The U.S. Department of Labor projects a 12 percent growth in  employment of computer and information technology occupations from 2014 to  2024.  Growth in these occupations is credited in part to an emphasis  on cloud computing, the collection and storage of big data, and the continued  demand for mobile computing.  Students who pursue this course of study may find employment in job roles such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
