
The Early Childhood Education Department offers courses for students planning to work with young children. We offer a complete career ladder:
Our programs are designed with the working student in mind. Program hallmarks include:
Presently, scholarships are available through The Children’s Trust and the Children’s Forum TEACH Program (see Scholarships). Most Early Childhood Education courses require field experience and that the student clear a Level II background check (See Fingerprinting).
Florida TEACH grants are available for Early Childhood Education students. This grant is offered through the Children’s Forum and is for students who are employed at early childhood centers. To be eligible, the student must have the approval of their employer for release time to take courses. For each year that monies are received through the grant, there is a year of commitment to remain and teach at that center.
Federal TEACH grants are available for baccalaureate students by contacting your MDC campus’ financial aid office. This grant requires a commitment of years teaching in a Title I school in a critical-shortage subject area that corresponds to the number of years that the student receives the grant. Grants of up to $4,000 per year are awarded. If the teaching commitment is not fulfilled, the grant reverts to a loan.
The Beverly Tate Scholarship was established by the South Florida Association for the Education of Young Children (SFAEYC) to honor MDC faculty member Beverly Tate. Beverly Tate was an ardent supporter of young children, and brought infant and toddler studies to MDC SOE. The recipients of the scholarship are MDC SOE ECE majors who are studying about infants and toddlers. The scholarship has been awarded annually since 2013.
The Andrea Castillo Scholarship was created by Miami-Dade County Public Schools Board Member Susie Castillo to honor the memory of her daughter, Andrea, who was an Early Childhood Education major and who was killed in a car accident.
The South Florida Association for the Education of Young Children (SFAEYC) is a professional organization whose mission is to foster the well-being of all children through professional development and community networking opportunities in South Florida.
 
Articulation Agreement with Miami-Dade County Public Schools:
ECPC - 9 Credits
Credit for Industry Certification:
 College Credit Certificates
 Industry Certification Awards
Bachelor of Science in Early Childhood Education
