
This summer 2024, STEM Wave will offer a FREE 6-week summer program for eligible high school students from June 17th – July 26th at the MDC Homestead Campus. The program runs Monday through Friday from 8:00 am to 2:30 pm. The STEM Wave Summer Institute seeks to introduce high school students to vast career options in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM); promote student interest in STEM college pathways; and provide an inviting learning space through student exploration and development.
The STEM Wave Summer Institute offers four STEM focused dual enrollment courses. Participating students will select one or two dual enrollment courses to complete during their time at the summer institute. Thus, earning 3 to 6 college credits by the end of the summer program.
Dual Enrollment Courses Offered to Summer Institute Students:
What are the Benefits of Dual Enrollment?
Eligibility Requirements
Please note the eligibility requirements students as outlined in your application.
High School Students (Current 9th, 10th and 11th Grade)
AST1002, PSC1515, CGS1060C: Require a 3.0 GPA and passing test scores in at least Reading & Writing OR Math.
CAI1001C: Requires a 2.5 GPA, and test scores are preferred but not mandatory.
Graduating 8th Grade students entering 9th Grade in August 2024:
Must have a 3.0 GPA and pass all three sections of the ACCUPLACER test, without exceptions.
The STEM Wave Summer Institute offers four auxiliary courses to assist students in developing the soft and life skills that are crucial skills necessary for success.
Summer Institute students will have the opportunity to participate in weekly experiential learning workshops, activities and fieldtrips.
Prior Trips and Workshops:
Student leaders participate as Institute Counselors during our summer program. Leaders guide the staff and institute director regarding STEM-focused trips, presentations, and other experiences.
STEM Wave employs NASA curriculum to deepen student knowledge concerning the celestial world around us.
The STEM Wave Summer Institute will run for 6 weeks through the Summer B academic term.
Monday's-Friday's 8:00AM-2:30PM
Highschool students must have a cumulative GPA of at least a 3.0
Highschool students must obtain a passing score on Accuplacer, SAT, or ACT
The STEM Wave Parent Council consists of parents whose children are in the STEM Wave program at MDC- Homestead Campus. Parents serve as volunteers assisting the Summer Institute by chaperoning field trips, assisting auxiliary course instructors with classroom management duties, and advising the institute director concerning enrichment options for students. Parents are also provided with supplemental workshops such as Financial Literacy and Financial Aid.
The STEM Wave Summer Institute actively recruits from local area high schools that currently participate in the dual enrollment program.
The MDC-HC STEM Wave partner schools are:
If you would like to partner with the STEM Wave program, please contact us at 305-237-5229.

We are now accepting 2024 Summer Institute Participants. Apply today!
Pre-Register Today!
 
Hours of OperationSummer Institute:Monday - Friday, 8:00 AM to 2:30 PMOffice Hours:Monday -Friday, 8:00 AM to 4:30 PM
Miami Dade College - Homestead CampusBuilding: DRoom: 105500 College Terrace, D105Homestead, Florida 33030Phone: (305) 237-5229
 
Mrs. Edda Juarez-Infante, MBASTEM Wave Directorejuarezi@mdc.edu
Dr. Hong (Wendy) ZhuDatabase and Reports Analysthzhu@mdc.edu
Dr. Takevess HatcherEnrollment Specialistthatche1@mdc.edu
Ms. Angelica CavallaroOffice Specialistacavalla@mdc.edu
