Our Mission at the Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital is to provide students with high quality education and to promote patient safety in a realistic environment. At the Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital, students combine the knowledge acquired in the classroom with hands on experience in a safe environment that supports critical thinking, clinical reasoning, and problem solving to prepare graduates for the workforce.
The Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital will be a leader for excellence in simulation education. 
The Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital allows students to practice their skills independently, but also bolsters a key principle of our program: creating an environment of multidisciplinary collaboration by bringing together students from various fields to work and communicate as a team.
Ultimately, the Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital prepares students with the evidence-based principles and clinical skills they will need in clinical environments in the real world, helping them reduce errors, improve safety, and elevate the quality of patient care.
Simulation Hospital

At the Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital, students experience real-world scenarios often found in healthcare.. This provides students with the ability to develop clinical and critical thinking skills that are necessary in their healthcare professions. 


Simulation Hospital

At the Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital, students experience real-world scenarios often found in healthcare.. This provides students with the ability to develop clinical and critical thinking skills that are necessary in their healthcare professions. 

At the Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital, students experience real-world scenarios often found in healthcare.. This provides students with the ability to develop clinical and critical thinking skills that are necessary in their healthcare professions. 
The Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital is a supportive learning environment where various programs such as Nursing, Physician Assistant, EMS, and Respiratory Therapy students are trained under the most realistic conditions on basic and advanced clinical skill procedures in a none threatening environment. Students will become competent and gain confidence in handling stressful situations at the Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital.
The Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital includes 8 medical surgical rooms, 2 OB rooms, 2 pediatric rooms, 9 debriefing rooms, 1 operating room, 1 simulated ambulance, 10 exam rooms and 1 apartment as well as 17 high fidelity human patient simulators. While at the Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital, students will develop the necessary critical thinking skills to be successful in the healthcare field. 
Debriefing is an indispensable aspect of simulation learning. In the debriefing rooms at the Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital students review and evaluate their actions while focusing on clinical best practices. During the debriefing sessions, students use observation and real time data video recordings to build on their knowledge. The video recordings allow students and instructors to evaluate methodologies, stimulate team cooperation and improve patient outcomes.

Director, Simulation Hospital
Deborah Papa, EdD, MSN, MS, RN
		  Email: dpapa@mdc.edu
		  Phone: 305-237-4340
		

Instructional Simulation Lab Administrator
Diana Naranjo, MPA, CAPM, CHSOS, CHSE
			Email: dnaranjo@mdc.edu
			Phone: 305-237-4181
		


Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital
		P: 305-237-4042
		
The Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital has been granted provisional accreditation by the Society for Simulation in Healthcare.

                              Monday - Friday: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
                            
Weekends with appointment.
Please note that hours of operation are subject to change.

Miami Dade College Simulation Hospital
						      950 NW 20TH Street
						      Miami, Fl 33127
						     Room: 3323
P:305-237-4042

Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
