Creating an "Everyone a Changemaker" World
Changemaker education empowers students 
      by offering opportunities to engage with social and environmental 
      issues and practice creating positive change. 
Changemaking is rooted in MDC’s history and at the heart of who we are as an educational institution. 
                We were honored to be designated 
                an Ashoka U Changemaker Campus in 
                2015 with a renewal designation in 2019. 
                This distinction placed us among a group of leading institutions recognized for their 
                efforts in changemaking and education innovation. 
Whether through classes, co-curricular activities, internships, or special events, 
      we take a broad approach at engaging educators and staff in the spirit of changemaking. 
      We encourage and celebrate all sorts of positive change, whether big or small, and 
      offer different ways to get involved in changemaking. MDC’s strategy for changemaker 
      education aims to be accessible and inclusive with a clear call to action. 
We support the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals collegewide as they 
      provide rich context that helps our educators connect local issues to global 
      challenges in ways that are clear, structured, and hopeful. As a member of the United Nations Academic Impact initiative, MDC aligns with over 1300 other institutions
      of higher education in educating on issues, building collaboration, and encouraging 
      creativity in order to design new solutions for critical issues everywhere. 
Read more
Visit the Changemaker Hub and jump right in.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
