Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
Take advantage of the flexible, convenient online courses - available 24/7. After completion, students immediately enter into employment. A great option for students with A.A. or A.S. degrees. 
For information on admission requirements, applying for the program, and completing any necessary pre-requirement courses, click on a program listed below.
General contact information for each program can be found at our general contact information page.
A pathway to upper-division universities, this degree type prepares students to further their education as juniors at four-year institutions. Graduates are guaranteed the opportunity to enroll in Florida’s state universities, and can even take advantage of our articulation agreements with institutions nationwide. See the program overview.
This two-year degree prepares students to enter the work force in a variety of in-demand careers. While this degree type is primarily focused on employment, graduates can still continue their education at four-year institutions by meeting additional requirements, which can vary by program.
These employment-focused, short-term programs help students build their skill sets in just a matter of months. Credits earned as part of a college credit certificate can be applied to related associate degrees, making these programs a great way to explore degree choices.
The Certificate of Professional Preparation (CPP) is design to prepare baccalaureate degree holders for licensure, certification, credentialing, examinations, or other demonstrations of competency necessary for entry into professional occupations.
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
For more information and assistance, please contact:
MDC OnlineStudent Support Center
Phone:305-237-3800
Email Us:online@mdc.edu
Book  an Appointment (online, phone, in-person)
	Wolfson Campus
		300 NE 2 Avenue, Suite 7148
		Miami, FL 33132
Hours:
	Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET 
  Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET 
Wolfson Campus
		300 NE 2 Avenue, Suite 7148
		Miami, FL 33132


Search statewide for distance learning courses and degree programs offered by Florida's Colleges and Universities or regionally through SREB.
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
