Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
In keeping with its mission and goals, and in compliance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Medical Campus promotes an environment of respect and support for persons with disabilities and will make reasonable accommodations. The definition of individuals with disabilities are those who currently have, have a record of having, or are regarded as having a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more major life activity. Major life activities include caring for oneself, performing manual tasks, walking, seeing, hearing, breathing, and working.
In order to fulfill the requirements of the Diagnostic Medical Sonography program at Miami Dade College, students must be able to meet the physical demands associated with the  profession. Examples of these requirements include but are not limited to the following: 
COMMENTS:
Standing/walking for long periods of time in patient areas and during equipment operation. Sitting for extended periods of time when displaying and recording images. Moving equipment and patients weighing 125lbs or more from wheelchair and stretchers. 
Pushing wheelchairs and stretchers from waiting area to procedure rooms.
COMMENTS:
Reaching to adjust the machine or stretcher, or to assist in moving patient to and from procedure table.
COMMENTS:
Effectively communicate using the English language in both written and oral form. Follow oral directions. Observe patients at a distance and up close. Listen to patient answer to health related questions. Hear low audible sounds from both equipment and patients. Distinguish varying shades of gray and other color shades.
Individuals requesting a milestone review, progression to clinical courses, and graduation from a  program in Nursing and Health Sciences must be able to meet the physical and  emotional requirements of the academic program. In addition, students admitted  to the programs in Nursing and Health Sciences must possess the following  qualities:
Because of the unique responsibilities involved in all Health Science professions, each department reserves the right to require that the student who appears to be unsuited for any program therein withdraw from the program and be guided into another curriculum of study at the College.
An individual who poses a direct threat to the health or safety of others or themselves may be denied admission, progression or graduation. The College's determination that a person poses a direct threat will be based on an individualized assessment that relies on current medical evidence or on the best available evidence to assess the nature, duration, and severity of the risk and the probability that the potential injury will actually occur.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
