Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Health Service Management program is designed to introduce graduates to the healthcare field and an in-depth background on health care management to prepare them for a health-related career or a graduate professional health program or other graduate programs. In addition, students will acquire extensive knowledge on legal and ethical responsibilities within the health care system, current issues in the health care system, health services management concepts, Health care quality management, and managing organizations in a multi-cultural environment. 
The majority of these courses can be taken evenings and weekends.
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
The Associate in Science degree in Health Sciences: Health Service Management is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses and business courses. 
                The Medical Campus Health Service Management Program is a two-year course of study requiring 60 credits for an Associate in Science degree. A series of general education courses and business courses are associated with the Health Services Management program at Miami Dade College. During the last term of the program in course HSC 2810 Professional Practice Experience students are require partaking in an internship. Student are required to identify a health care facility and preceptor at least four months prior to the start of HSC 2810. 
                
The Health Services Management program is highly demanding, and it is suggested that students should not work to enhance their success while in the program. If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week. Students should also consider family responsibilities before committing to a full-time accelerated program. 

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
