The Fire Science Program provides opportunities to enter into the fire service as a firefighter, fire safety inspector or other positions.  Many prospective students ask, “How do I become a firefighter?”  Your adventure starts here with Miami Dade College Fire Science Program.  Most fire rescue departments require applicants to possess their state firefighter certification and their EMT certification in order to apply for a firefighter position.  Attaining the firefighter certification and the EMT certification, along with fire safety inspector certification or A.S. degree in Fire Science Technology increase your chances of securing employment in the fire service field.
The Fire Science Program area provides educational opportunities for certified firefighters, prospective firefighters, and other fire career paths for entry into the fire career workforce via certifications, attainment and improvement of workforce skills and abilities applicable to the fire rescue service, and preparation for advancement within the fire rescue or emergency management arena through credit, career technology education, and other course offerings.
Fire Safety Inspector Preparation Courses
Fire Fighter Certification

The 40 hour Live Fire Trainer I course meets the requirements of the Bureau of Fire Standards and Training for a student to take the state certification examination.
The 8 hour refresher course meets the requirements for the continuing education to recertify as a Live Fire Trainer I.
Our live fire training courses feature a variety of realistic scenarios that hone skills and develop situational awareness.
We can customize training courses or packages to meet the needs and requirements of the customer using our classrooms, seven story training tower, large training ground with multiple hydrants, exterior live fire props, forcible entry propos, fire fighter self-rescue props, burn building, and other training platforms.
Please call 305-237-FIRE (3473) for more information.
Financial aid is provided on the basis of demonstrated need. Miami Dade College participates in all federally and state funded financial aid programs. Students may apply online or by mail. Application may be picked up from any MDC Financial Aid office. For more information, contact the Financial Aid office at 305-237-1058.
Earn College Credit for your Firefighter Credentials
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
