Through its construction initiatives, MDC is helping build a greener future. Already, three of our newest structures have won acclaim and awards for their innovation and environmentally friendly design:
 At Kendall Campus, the Environmental Center's Visitor Pavilion provides a perfect introduction to the campus' nine-acre preserve. Featuring a completely "off-the-grid" design, the Platinum LEED-certified Pavilion showcases solar panels and rainwater collection in a "living classroom" that welcomes more than 10,000 visitors a year.
Wolfson Campus' Miami Culinary Institute is an eight-story architectural and engineering achievement that embodies the seed-to-soil philosophy upon which the program is built. Featuring a community garden and an exceptionally low carbon footprint, the structure is currently tracking Gold LEED certification.
The open glass-and-steel design of the Academic Support Center at Kendall Campus allows ample natural light into the five-story structure, reducing energy costs and helping it earn a Gold LEED certification. The building also employs a state-of-the-art chiller plant and HVAC system.
Looking toward the future, the College requests that all new structures be designed to at least a Silver LEED certification, affirming the institution's commitment to sustainable building practices.
Developed by the U.S. Green Building Council, the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design rating system awards certificates to construction projects that meet criteria for energy efficiency and environmental responsibility. At Miami Dade College, many of our newest structures already rank at the high levels of LEED certification, with many more on the way.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
