MDC's School of Engineering and Technology has designed its programs and curricula to provide students with exciting opportunities, the highest quality education, and a variety of options to achieve success. With more than 30 degrees to choose from, our students are able to find an education that best suits their needs. With input from industry partners including Florida Power & Light, Tesla, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft, Cisco and Siemens, our courses deliver the education that the nation’s top employers are looking for.
There are multiple scholarships available for in-demand courses and programs that prepare you to join the workforce.
View  all EnTec scholarships 
Cybersecurity
Data Analytics
Electrical and Computer Engineering Technology
Information Systems Technology
MDC has agreements in place with other institutions giving graduates of some of our Bachelor programs the opportunity to receive their Master's degree at an accelerated rate. Explore our Bachelor programs to find out more.
Designed for people with bachelor's degrees or higher, a Certificate of Professional Preparation (CPP) prepares students for certification, credentialing, examinations, or other demonstrations of competency necessary for entry into professional occupations. Whether you're changing careers or interested in upskilling, CPPs are meant to help you excel as a professional. a professional. 
Our 2-year Associate in Science degrees are strategically formulated to deliver the core expertise needed for our students to move quickly into the industry. By working with our industry partners, we ensure that our students receive the high-quality, hands-on training that employers seek. These programs also offer a direct access to bachelor degrees at MDC or any other 4 year college or university.
Our 2-year Associate in Arts degree pathways are designed to instill the highest-quality foundation in engineering and technology principles. Upon completion of these degrees, students are ready to continue to a bachelor degree at MDC or any other 4 year college or university. Past students have used our associate’s degrees to earn their bachelor’s degrees at institutions such as MIT and Georgia Tech.
Our CCC's are designed to prepare students for entry into a particular field or to upgrade the skills of those already employed in the field. College credits granted in these programs apply toward the related Associate in Science degree.
For more information about our programs please give us a call or complete the form with your information and one of our Program Advisors will contact you shortly.
 Use Live Chat
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
