Affordable digital learning materials

Miami Dade College (MDC) continues to offer the MDC-Follett Shark Pack Program, designed to support our textbook affordability efforts and reduce the cost of instructional materials for students. For Fall 2023, we continue expanding the program to deliver required course materials through the College’s learning management system (LMS), Canvas, and additional publishers have transitioned to codeless delivery.
The Shark Pack program delivers required course textbook(s) and learning material(s) at a reduced rate for eligible courses and class sections.
Shark Pack also delivers your required textbook(s) and learning material(s) on the first day of class, making sure you’re ready to succeed.
Attention Dual Enrollment Students If you are registered for one of the courses below, you will automatically receive an email link to access your digital material(s). Dual Enrollment students are not to order materials for the courses listed below from the Bookstore. Digital material(s) will be automatically provided and students are not responsible for any digital material(s) fees. For more information, contact your Secondary School Counselor or MDC Dual Enrollment coordinator. View additional information for Dual Enrollment students.
MDC, along with our partner bookstore Follett piloted phase I of the Shark Pack program in Fall 2022 with students enrolled in twelve (12) core courses. Due to the success of the initial pilot, additional courses were included in Phase II of the program’s expansion for Spring 2023. This expansion also includes several courses from the Medical Campus. Phase III of the program’s expansion began in Summer 2023, with the start of codeless delivery of instructional materials via Canvas. Most publishers are expected to finalize their transition to codeless delivery via Willo by the end of the 2023-2024 academic year.  The same courses below will be participating in Shark Pack for Fall 2023.
Shark Pack is a partnership between Miami Dade College and Follett, our partner bookstore, which allows you to receive your required textbook(s) and course material(s) for a reduced cost for eligible courses and delivers them automatically by the first day of class.
Students enrolled in an eligible class section will automatically be eligible for the program.
To see all of your participating Shark Pack classes and the low-cost digital material(s) fee for each, please review your Student Fee Invoice in MDConnect under the “Other Charges Posted this Term” section.
Are you a dual enrollment student? Visit Textbooks for Dual Enrollment Students for information specific to you!
You don't need to do anything! You will be automatically included in the program if you are enrolled in a participating eligible course/section. Before your class starts, you will receive an email to your MyMDC.net student email address with instructions on how to access your required textbook(s) and/or course material(s). Need help with setting up your MyMDC Account? Visit MyMDC Account Tools for more information.
Materials for general classes will be charged on a per credit hour fee of $20. For example, a general3-credit hour course would have a final course material charge of $60. Medical Campus course materials have a flat rate per class and with an average savings of 25% off the current retail price of the required materials, with several courses at a savings of 40% or more!
Yes! You can search for Shark Pack classes in MDConnect’s open class search. Visit MDConnect and sign-in with your username (e.g., Finn.Shark001) and password, or Search for Classes without logging in. In the class search criteria, enter the term (i.e., semester), campus, and/or the subject and course number. Click on “Additional Search Criteria” and in the class attribute drop-down menu, select “Shark Pack”. You can also search for “Zero Textbook Cost” classes, which means there are no costs associated with the instructional materials for the class.
To opt-out of this cost-saving program, follow the directions below. You must submit an opt-out request before the 100% refund date for each class section for which you do not want the digital materials. Any previously accessed materials will be deactivated and the digital material fee removed from your account.
Once the opt-out deadline has passed for your class sections, you cannot make any changes to your final opt-out selection.Students who opt-out will be responsible for purchasing the required course materials on their own.
Opt-out Instructions:
Course materials will be available on Canvas at 12:01 a.m. on the class start date for your class. For example, for an HUM1020 (Humanities) class starting in the second eight weeks (wk2), the materials will be available in Canvas at 12:01 a.m. on Monday, 10/23/2023. If you are enrolled after the first day of class, the typical delivery timeframe is the next business day.
eBooks – eBooks are digital versions of printed materials or textbooks. Page numbers and content match exactly to the print version of course material(s).
Courseware – Courseware is a term used to define any material that utilizes an online learning platform (e.g., MyMathLab, Connect, Mindtap). There are many different platforms your instructor could use, but most include exercises and content that will be graded or submitted through the platform. Courseware typically also provides access to the eBook for the material.
EMS Courses Only: Printed Books – Emergency Medical Services (EMS) courses with print-only books will receive an email with their order information for materials pick-up at their class campus (e.g., Medical Campus Bookstore, Homestead Campus Bookstore).
Materials for Fall 2023 will follow these basic paths for obtaining access:
Macmillan, McGraw-Hill, Norton, Pearson, Top Hat, and Wolter Kluwers CoursewareAll of these publishers will provide codeless access to your Shark Pack digital materials throughyour Canvas login.Cengage CoursewareYou will receive an email from your campus' Follett Bookstore (i.e.: "MDC Bookstore - xxxxx Campus").Follow the instructions provided by your instructor to access the courseware website, and simply use your access code to activate your account beyond any trial period that is offered.If you can't find an email from Follett, search your inbox for: yourbookstore@em.efollett.com
You will receive an email from Brytewave about your Redshelf materials, such as e-books and Pearson courseware containing an activation link.
You must use your MyMDC.net email address to create an account. 
If you can't find an email from Brytewave, search your inbox for: donotreply@redshelf.com
EMS Courses Only: Printed Books
Emergency Medical Services (EMS) courses with print-only books will receive an email with their order information for materials pick-up at their class campus (e.g., Medical Campus Bookstore, Homestead Campus Bookstore).
Class codes are provided by your professor. Some e-books that are delivered via a courseware platform still require some set-up by your professor, even if your class will not be using the courseware part of the platform, such as quizzes and tests, and only the e-book.
For technical assistance with accessing digital Shark Pack textbook(s) and learning material(s), please contact us at MDCSharkPack@follett.com.
Credentials or codes for materials delivered through the program are unique to you. They only work for one person. Once you have used them, they cannot be used to activate access for any other students. Your fellow classmates will receive their own credentials and codes to access the materials.
Please visit the How to Setup Your Shark Pack Materials In Canvas for Fall 2023 Guide for more information and support resources. For more information, links to publisher guides, and support resources.
Changing from an adopted title to OER requires direct notice to the bookstore manager for your campus to ensure Shark Pack fees are not assessed. Please contact your campus bookstore manager directly, listed below, for next steps.
Yes! If you have already purchased the printed textbook for any of the above listed courses and would like to benefit from this program, please contact us at MDCSharkPack@follett.com or visit your Campus Bookstore for assistance with requesting a refund for previously purchased materials and/or opting-in to Shark Pack.
The Shark Pack charges will be added to and removed from your MDC student account in the same way tuition is adjusted when you add/drop a class before the 100% deadline. You will be charged for each participating course which you are enrolled.
You can opt out and opt back in until the add/drop deadline for each class session, per MDC’s Academic Calendar.
Yes.
ATTENTION AMERICAN DREAM SCHOLARS
Please note that your scholarship does not cover the cost of MDC Shark Pack Digital Materials Fees. However, we strongly encourage you to take advantage of this cost-saving program to obtain your required textbook(s) and instructional materials.
If you need course materials in accessible formats please contact ACCESS (Disability Services) at your campus.
The Shark Pack digital material(s) fee covers all the required instructional materials for your class, including your required textbook(s) and any courseware, like ALEKS, MyMathLab, MindTap, etc.
Supplemental materials, like lab coats, uniforms, or other items not provided via Follett bookstores, are not covered by the digital materials fee and would be purchased on your own.
Yes! The digital materials provided via Shark Park are the same required materials listed for your class section. You can review the required materials for your class section(s) using the Follett “Find My Textbook” tool for your class campus. The ISBN for the digital materials available through Shark Pack is different, but the title and content of the required textbook(s) and courseware (e.g., MyMathLab, Revel, MindTap) is exactly the same, even down to the page numbers! If your class is participating in Shark Pack, you do not need to purchase any items that are listed as “required” and tagged as part of the “Follett Access” program on your own, since these will be delivered directly to your MyMDC student email. If you already purchased some items on your own, you can follow the “Returns” instructions at the end of this page for options.
No, you are all set! Open Educational Resources (OER) are "teaching, learning, and research resources that reside in the public domain or have been released under an intellectual property license that permits their free use and re-purposing by others."
Many of our faculty members leverage available Open Educational Resources (OER) that result in very low cost or free required instructional material(s).
For more information on OER at MDC, please visit our OER Libguide.
Fees listed on the fee invoice must be paid by the tuition due date to avoid being dropped for non-payment. If your classes are dropped for non-payment, the digital material(s) fee will also be removed and you will also lose access to your digital material(s). If you add a class back to your schedule, you will receive new links and codes for any participating course(s).
Yes, work that you have completed through courseware should be saved on the various platforms (e.g., on MyMathLab, Revel, MindTap, etc.). Follett will send you a new access code for classes requiring codes and you will have to enter to enter on the platform in order to access or retrieve your work.
Yes, if the digital materials fee is already reflected on your tuition fee invoice when you sign up for a Nelnet plan.
Purchases with Book Advance need to be returned before store close on Friday 8/25/23. Returns made before the Book Advance deadline will go back to the student’s financial aid account. Refunds for purchased items after the deadline date will be made to a gift card, or the student’s bank mobile card if they have one.
Online OrdersDigital Materials: Contact the Campus where your order was placed via phone, email, or in-person with your web order number, and request for return.
Physical Materials: Return the order in-person or by mail to any MDC bookstore with your web order number and request for return. Physical Access codes should be unused, and packages should be complete.
In-Store Purchases Digital Materials: Should be returned to the purchase location with original receipt.
Physical Materials: Can be returned in-store at any MDC location with Receipt. Physical Access codes should be unused, and packages should be complete.
