The Medical Campus "Campus Star" Employee Recognition Program rewards an employee who has gone above-and-beyond the requirements of their job duties; demonstrating EXTRA-ordinary behavior as well as their commitment to the vision and mission of the College. 
Throughout the year (Fall through Summer terms) employees can self-nominate or be nominated as a Campus Star. 
There is no limit or minimum number of candidates who will receive the award each year.
All submissions will require the support of the individual’s immediate supervisor.                      
The award is open to full time and part time employees of the Medical Campus.
Employees must have completed one (1) year of employment with the Medical Campus to qualify.
Applications/nominations must be electronically submitted using the form below. 
Questions regarding the application/nomination process should be directed to the Campus Star Employee Recognition committee at the following email address, medicalcampusstar@mdc.edu.                      
Campus Star employees will be selected each term: Fall, Spring and Summer. There will be one (1) Campus Star selected from full-time employees (faculty, administration or staff) and one (1) Campus Star selected from part-time employees (faculty, administration or staff). The selected candidates will receive recognition on the Campus website and a pin in recognition of their hard work. 
During the Summer term, Campus Star awardees for the previous year will be reviewed and a Campus Star of The Year will be selected from the full-time and part-time categories. The selected candidates will receive a trophy and recognition during the Campus Fall Convocation for their hard work. 
All nominees will be reviewed by a committee representing one employee from each of the following areas: Administration, Learning Resources, School of Health Sciences, School of Nursing and Student Services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
