Applicants for admission must request final, official academic transcripts from all secondary (high school) and postsecondary (college/university) attended. Domestic (U.S.) high school and/or college/university transcripts must be sent to Miami Dade College either electronically (by a third party) or by mail directly from the institution(s) to the address below.
Miami Dade College accepts electronic transcripts from the  following providers (contact your previous institution for additional details):
Official transcripts from each institution attended are required  for all degree-seeking students. Your admission to the college remains incomplete until all required official transcripts are submitted. Failure to submit all official transcripts may  result in loss of eligibility and removal of your awards. Non-degree-seeking  students are not required to submit transcripts and are not eligible for federal  financial aid. Please be aware that transcripts submitted after your financial  aid has been processed could result in loss of eligibility or removal of your  awards, including prior year(s) aid. Find out about the terms and conditions of receiving aid here.
 If you are a Florida public high school graduate, Miami Dade College will electronically request transcript for incoming Fall semester students. However, you are ultimately responsible for ensuring that the College receives your final high school transcript
 Domestic academic transcript(s) and /or diploma(s) hand carried or mailed by the student  will not be accepted.
Students must request GED transcript from the Department of Education or  Parchment to be sent via electronically or regular mail to Transcript  Processing Services.
All non-Florida GED’s should be sent to Transcript Processing Services to  the following address:
Miami Dade College
                        Attention: Transcript Processing Services
                        11011 S.W. 104th Street, Room R301
                        Miami, Florida 33176-3393
                
Students must bring a signed affidavit submitted by the student’s parent or legal guardian attesting that the student has completed a Florida home education program to their home campus Admissions and Registration Office.
Students who attended a foreign high school and/or college/university must provide all final, official academic documents to a campus Admissions and Registration Office or Transcript Services. Apostille will be required for graduates from a country that is part of the Hague Convention or a seal from the Department of Foreign Affairs for countries that are not. Students may submit a NACES, AICE, or M- DCPS evaluation (only high school credentials) in place of the apostille. Documents not issued in English may also require a translation from an ATA member. NACES or AICE evaluations are required for students with a degree from a foreign college or university. Students who completed courses in a foreign college or university without earning a degree only need to provide a transcript translation from an ATA member.
For more information concerning MDC admissions procedure and required documentation please view the Manual of Procedure.
Monday - Thursday 
                    8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. 
                    Friday 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. 
Transcript Processing Services Office
                    Telephone: (305) 237-2701 Email: transcriptservices@mdc.edu
Evaluation Services Office
                      Telephone: (305) 237-0440  
                      Email: evaluationservices@mdc.edu

11011 S.W. 104th Street, Room R301 Miami, Florida 33176-3393
Your feedback is important to us. Please take a moment to let us know how we're doing.
Take the Survey
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
