Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
We are pleased to announce the following recognition in 2021: 
          NursingProcess.org recognizing Miami Dade College 
            RN-to-BSN program in the TOP FIVE (ranking 4th) of both online and on-campus programs for 2021. NursingProcess.org 
            reports nursing education and career information for accredited nursing programs.  Their rankings are based on academic 
            quality, NCLEX-RN exam performance, affordability, and the overall reputation of a school.
        
MDC’s online Bachelor of Science in Nursing (RN-to-BSN) program was ranked among the nation’s Top 10 
            most affordable, according to RNtoMSN.org, a project of Degree Prospects, an organization that creates 
            some of the most trusted online tools for nursing students since 2008. 
            RNtoMSN.org analyzed MDC’s online
            RN-to-BSN program (ranked #8) against 500 other colleges and universities across the country in the areas of 
            per credit tuition numbers, mandatory credit minimums, hidden fees and one-off costs as well as total estimated price.
            Read our press release.
        
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
