For over 40 years, both public and private agencies have trusted the Assessment Center to test those who protect and serve.
The Assessment Center can design a process or program to fit the unique needs of your organization for employment, promotion and personnel development decisions.
Our customized services and solutions include:
Ready to get started? Submit your Form today
Physical Abilities Test (PAT)
		The PAT is administered as part of the entry-level selection process for both law enforcement and corrections. Both law enforcement and correctional officers are required to have a minimum level of physical fitness and agility in order to perform the essential job functions of their position.
Florida Basic Abilities Test (FBAT) / Criminal Justice Basic Abilities Test (CJ-BAT)
		The FBAT or CJ-BAT measures the minimum competencies required for employment as a law enforcement or correctional officer such as written comprehension, deductive reasoning, and inductive reasoning. This test is required upon entry into basic recruit training programs. 
Advanced Safety Driving Program
		This two-part program is designed for newer drivers with a Class E Driver’s License (i.e., not a learner’s permit) who are interested in learning techniques to improve their driving safety. Students will gain advanced skills and techniques to assist with real world driving situations and to avoid being in dangerous situations. Participants must be at least 16 years old.
Equivalence of Training (EOT)
		This program is designed to obtain a certification as an officer in Florida without first attending (or re-attending) a full basic recruit academy in Florida.
Public Safety Aide Program
		The six-week program is intended to help students gain practical principles of a Police Service Aide. A Police Service Aide typically performs police duties related to non-criminal activities, such as parking enforcement or traffic accident investigations.
Dr. Gonzalez leads the assessment center team at Miami-Dade College in implementing and evaluating personnel selection programs to include Psychological Testing, Physical Abilities Testing, Entry Level, and Promotional Assessments. Dr. Gonzalez has over 10 years of higher education leadership, training, and post-secondary teaching experience. In addition to assessment testing, Dr. Gonzalez is responsible for overseeing the development and administration of national and international training programs for public safety professionals. Dr. Gonzalez earned a doctoral degree in higher education leadership from the University of Miami, a master’s degree in higher education administration, and a bachelor’s degree in psychology—with specializations in criminal justice and behavioral analysis—both from Florida International University. A proud MDC alumna, she earned her associate degree in psychology from Miami Dade College.
Ms. Gricelda Eguigure has over 20 years of experience at MDC. She began her career in the Admissions and Registration department where she was responsible for assisting students through the admissions process. As the office specialist, she manages the budget, handles purchase orders, and maintains the center’s financial records. In addition, she is responsible for all the logistics of our assessments, accommodations needed for the assessors, role players, and our testing candidates. Ms. Eguigure provides supervision related to the scheduling of BLE candidates Physical Abilities, Psychological and CVSA Testing. She also manages the retention and destruction of records as necessary. Ms. Eguigure earned her master’s degree in human resources management and a bachelor’s degree in business with a minor in international business, both from Florida International University.
Ms. Kenia Machado serves as the Senior Assessment Analyst and is responsible for creating job/task analysis for different ranks, as well as developing, implementing, and evaluating complex assessment center exercises for promotional hiring of law enforcement personnel. Ms. Machado also conducts the statistical analyses of the reliability and validity of exams. Ms. Machado earned a master’s degree in industrial organizational psychology and a bachelor’s degree in clinical psychology, both from Carlos Albizu University. She is also Six Sigma Black Belt certified.
Dr. Richard Zonderman is a licensed Psychologist in Florida. He received his Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology from Virginia Commonwealth University. He has over 40 years of experience in the field. Dr. Zonderman is currently an Associate Professor at Albizu University in Miami where he teaches in the graduate Industrial/Organizational Psychology and Counseling programs. He screens candidates for the Miami Dade College School of Justice Police Academy and local police departments. Dr. Zonderman is a member of the International Association of Chiefs of Police Psychological Services section.
Since coming to Florida in 1999, Dr. Zonderman has worked with police departments developing promotional examinations at Miami Dade College as well as screening Police Academy applicants. He served as the Clinical Director and the Director of Behavioral Health and Social Services at Camillus House and Camillus Health Concern.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
