Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
MDC's nursing program builds personal and professional skills needed to provide outstanding patient care. Our community health activities, clinical partnerships, and state-of-the-art Center for Learning, Innovation and Simulation ensures that our graduates are ready for real world professional nursing  practice in a variety of healthcare environments.
The Benjamín León School of Nursing offers a comprehensive program of study leading to an Associate in Science Degree in Nursing through several options (Generic, Transition and Accelerated).
Upon completion of any of the Associate in Science Degree in Nursing program options, graduates are eligible to apply for the National Council Licensure Examination for Registered Nurses (NCLEX-RN). The Florida Board of Nursing is the state agency authorized to determine eligibility to take the NCLEX-RN for licensure as a registered nurse. For licensure requirements, refer to sections 464.008 and 464.009, Florida Statutes (F.S.), Rules 64B9-3.002 and 3.008, Florida Administrative Code (F.A.C.).
This program provides course work in a number of areas. 
Nurses are employed in a range of health-related fields in addition to direct patient care.
The Associate in Science in Nursing is designed to prepare students for immediate employment. Credits earned for courses in the ASN program are acceptable towards upper division colleges should you decide to pursue a four-year degree.
Classes for the Generic Full-Time option of this program are held at MDC's Medical Campus, Homestead Campus and at Baptist Hospital. Classes for the Generic part-time option are held at the Medical and Homestead Campuses. All other program options are taught solely at the Medical Campus.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
