Students enrolled in an Adult Basic Education (ABE), General Education Development (GED), and English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL) programs must be pre and post-tested with State Board of Education (SBOE) designated assessments. Exceptions may be made for students who are unable to understand or respond to the test due to low literacy, or due to disability.  A pretest must be administered within the first twelve (12) hours of instruction. 
Students without sufficient English proficiency are referred to the Adult English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL) program.
The Adult Education ESOL Program includes ESOL, and Integrated English Literacy and Civics Education (IELCE).  For these classes’ students adhere to the same exam requirements as follows:
The ESOL Course Placement Guide is used for placement in the ESOL Courses.
CASAS 
Reading Score
Reading Educational 
Functioning Level (EFL)
CASAS 
Listening Score
Listening
Educational 
Functioning Level (EFL)
Course 
Placement 
Beginning ESL
LiteracyLevel 1
Low Beginning
ESOLLevel 2
High Beginning
ESOLLevel 3
Low Intermediate
ESOLLevel 4
High Intermediate
ESOLLevel 5
Low Advanced
ESOLLevel 6
Notes:
When a test administration results in a score that is lower than the allowable range for the Test level and form, the score is reported with a “1” followed by the lowest score value for the CASAS Level and Form. To assist with determining the correct out of range scores to report, refer to the CASAS OOR table in Placement Criteria Appendix G.  As of Summer 2023, there is no longer a difference between paper and online OOR scores.  Students with an out-of-range low or no score must be retested one time with a lower CASAS Level no sooner than the next day and prior to enrollment or by the 100% refund date for the adult education term without being assessed a retesting fee.  If the retest results in another OOR score, place student into the lowest valid level of the lower CASAS level test.
When a test administration results in a score that is higher than the allowable range for the Test Level and Form the score is reported with a “9” followed by the highest score value for the CASAS Level and Form. To assist with determining the correct out of range scores to report, refer to the CASAS OOR table in Placement Criteria Appendix G. As of Summer 2023, there is no longer a difference between paper and online OOR scores.  Students with an out-of-range high or no score must be retested one time with a higher CASAS Level no sooner than the next day and prior to enrollment or by the 100% refund date for the adult education term without being assessed a retesting fee.  If the retest results in another OOR score, place student into the highest valid level of the higher CASAS NRS level test.  For example, if a student tests with a form 981L easy difficulty form and gets an OOR High score, the student should retest at the medium difficulty level form.  To see the appropriate forms, OOR scores, and NRS levels, please refer to the NRS links in Appendix H (TABE Out-of-Range Low and High Score Reported and Re-testing Guide).
View Adult Education Programs
Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness
To contact a member from our team, please visit the Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness contact page.
SIE Service Request Form
Login to SharePoint Site
Visit Testing and Assessment
Please take a moment to fill out a Assessment, Evaluation, and Testing Survey of Satisfaction. The information you provide will help improve the quality of services provided.
