
Student Government Association (SGA) is an organization that represents all students rather than one special interest group on campus.
				  SGA works as a liaison between the student population and the administration. We serve, represent and advocate for the students. All concerns, suggestions, comments, and solutions are addressed by SGA in a professional and powerful way, so that the faculty and administration are kept up to date as to what affects students. We also interact with the students and get involved in numerous activities.  SGA is a gateway to so many wonderful things. You can gain valuable skills in civic responsibility, financial management, embracing diversity, serving the community, interpersonal and cross-cultural communication. 

Join SGA and be part of the Excitement!

 
Join	us	on	Instagram

Visit 	us	on	Instagram 

 
Join	us	on	Instagram

Visit 	us	on	Instagram 
Membership is available to every student registered at Miami Dade College, North Campus as well as the Carrie P. Meek Entrepreneurial Education Center.  Becoming part of an organization making decisions that affect the entire student body is an indication of leadership, abilities and the kind of asset you can be to your career/school.

				        You may be wondering, why should I join? What’s in it for me?
				    To answer those questions, there are many benefits in joining SGA, which include:
•	It has a remarkable effect on your resume and applications to upper division universities
•	Making the best of your experience at MDC North
•	Meeting new people, networking
•	Enjoying campus events
SGA Meetings occur every other Monday in Room 4207 at 12:30 pm. See you there!

				      To join fill out the Membership Application Form and bring it to the SGA Office along with your degree audit.


				      Membership Application Form

 



Miami Dade College North Campus
			Student Government Association
			11380 N.W. 27 Avenue
			Miami, Florida 33167
			Room 4212(Building 4000, Second Floor)
Phone: 305-237-1644


 

				  Email Address

mdcnorthsga1@gmail.com
INSTAGRAM
Instagram@mdcnorth_sga
SHARKNET
Visit us on Sharknet

