Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The College Credit Certificate in apparel Pattern Making and Construction prepares students to fulfill the essential roles of machinists, patternmakers and pattern cutters in the growing fashion industry. Classes focus on the technical skills and basic textile knowledge required to fill positions as entry-level positions in fashion construction/manufacturing.
Upon completion of the  program, students will be able to construct garments from scratch, starting  with the creation of patterns and selection of fabrics, through assembling and  sewing the pieces. 
Many of these courses can be taken evenings and weekends.
Patternmaking
This program takes 1 year or less. 
Instruction focuses on learning technical skills in patternmaking and sewing. Courses cover pattern development, Textiles, and the use of professional industrial sewing machines.
Learn how to create custom patterns from measurements, best clothing construction methods, how to use the industrial straight stitch sewing machines found in most factories and foundational textile knowledge. Courses include:

This program is ideal for those who are not interested in earning a full associate degree and want to learn pattern making and construction skills only. Great for those who are interested in entry-level positions in the apparel production industry. 
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
