
Miami Dade College’s innovative Bachelor of Science (BS) in Applied Artificial Intelligence was designed to meet the fast-growing demand for artificial intelligence (AI) professionals. Through a comprehensive curriculum, you will be equipped to join the fascinating work of using AI-enabled systems in the workplace to streamline business processes, enhance decision-making and provide exceptional customer experiences. The program additionally focuses on ethical standards and socially responsible practices in the implementation of these technologies and data-driven decision making.
$100,224*
AI Analysts, Natural Language Processing Specialists, Computer Vision Analysts, Machine Learning Specialists, AI Programmers
MDC’s Bachelor’s degree in Applied AI is geared to launch Fall 2024. This is the right time to prepare for the program by completing the admission requirements. To be eligible for admissions, applicants must meet the following minimum requirements:
These courses are available for enrollment at MDC during the 2023-24 academic year, with most being covered by scholarships like Javier Coto Scholarship. See all AI courses offered this Fall 2023 with scholarship as part of MDC’s AI for ALL initiative.
Don’t have an Associate degree? You can begin your journey in AI by enrolling in MDC’s Associate in Science degree in Applied Artificial Intelligence. This program offers a direct pathway to the Bachelor of Science in Applied AI.

Our B.S. in Applied AI program was developed in a collaborative effort between AI experts, industry professionals, faculty, and government stakeholders. The program's primary learning goals revolve around applying cutting-edge AI principles and techniques to effectively deploy AI models in real-world applications. With coursework in machine learning, natural language processing, AI systems automation, simulation, and optimization, students will culminate their learned experiences in a capstone where they will deploy a human-centered design, socially responsible AI solution.

Teaching and learning is enhanced by facilities, equipment and technologies available at MDCs state-of-the-art AI Centers. The Centers feature multiple specialized spaces equipped with advanced AI technologies and quantum computing. You will also have access to the Makers Space, Design Thinking and a Robotics Lab to ideate, collaborate with peers and create projects that showcases your technical knowledge and skills.

Accreditation is an important aspect of choosing a program of study for it ensures the ability to apply for federal financial aid, the transfer of credits to another institution, or eligibility for admissions to an accredited graduate program. The Bachelor of Science in Applied Artificial Intelligence was approved by the Florida Department of Education and is in the process of approval by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges—the accrediting body of Miami Dade College.
Advisors are available to assist you. Call: 305-237-1160 | Email: entec@mdc.edu
*Lightcast™ Job Posting Analytics. Retrieved August 11, 2023.
 Use Live Chat
Miami Dade College – Wolfson CampusBuilding 2, Room 2104300 N.E. Second Ave.Miami, FL 33132
Miami Dade College – North CampusBuilding 1, 2nd Floor11380 NW 27th AveMiami, FL 33167305-237-1160aicenters@mdc.edu
