Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Florida Law Enforcement Academy Career Technical Certificate prepares students for certification as police officers in the state of  Florida. There is a  full time and part-time Basic Law Enforcement Academy. The full-time academy  runs for approximately six months, Monday - Friday, 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM. The  part-time academy runs for approximately nine months - Monday to Friday from 6:00  PM to 10:00 PM. Class hours do change during the training to achieve certain  objectives. The cost for both programs is the same. Note:  Applicants are scheduled for training at  the discretion of the School of Justice Staff.
To have all  your questions answered it is recommended that you attend Orientation in person the 1st or 3rd Tuesday of every month at 6:00 pm. Call 305-237-1400.
This program is offered at the School of Justice only. All criminal justice standards and training, as well as department of education and local standards will be met. 
The program emphasizes  practical applications and competency-based performance. 

Graduates are eligible for employment with any  law enforcement agency in the state upon graduation from the program and  successful completion of the State Certification Exam. 
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
The School of Justice staff is available to assist with program information.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
