










  

Need Help Registering for Classes?
Fill out this registration help form and have a representative guide you.






  

Tesla Program Going Strong at West
Jump Start your career at West Campus.



  

STEM Students Increase Job Potential Through Research at MDC
The focus on Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) studies and research at Miami Dade College has never been greater.


  

Traffic Safety is No Joke for This SAS Student
Find out how Regina Gallardo tackled the problem with a cartoon pamphlet about traffic safety that has been adopted by the city.




‹ › 



West Campus

        3800 NW 115th Ave.
        Doral, FL 33178
        




Operator
305-237-8000


Public Safety
 305-237-8100 


Admissions
 305-237-9100 


Registration
 305-237-9100 


Advisement
 305-237-8947 


Financial Aid
 305-237-9300


Student Life
305-237-8904


Library
 305-237-8931 


Media Services
 305-237-8310 




Complete Campus Directory   







About Our Campus

  

Welcome to Miami Dade College West Campus, conveniently located just off the Florida Turnpike, amidst the City of Doral logistics hub.  Doral is the leader in logistics businesses in Miami and is a rapidly-expanding community in Miami Dade County.

Read more about West Campus >> 



West Campus Programs




Miguel B. Fernandez Family School of Global  Business
School of Engineering + Technology
School of Justice
School of Entertainment and Design Technology
School of Continuing Education &  Professional Development
Tesla Start Program




Campus Highlights





  

Art Gallery
The West Gallery allows visitors the opportunity to experience art from a wide variety of artists and styles, and to submit their own work to annual juried student exhibitions as well. It also serves as a vital and vibrant art space for the community to view defined key movements and tendencies in the arts through exhibitions, workshops, and gallery walks. 



 

School of Science
Offering a variety of degrees and certificate programs, the Miami Dade College School of Science builds a strong foundation in the study of natural sciences. Start your journey to an advanced degree or build your skills for the cutting-edge workplace. At the School of Science, you'll find innovative learning experiences that open doors to discovery and success








Quick Links



  

Parking at West Campus
Stay up to date with parking information for the campus.





  

Public Safety
Public Safety creates a safe environment.







  

Bookstore
Get your books (and lots more) before you need to hit the books.





  

Libraries and Labs
Find the resources you need to succeed.













Important Dates













Registration is open for Summer and Fall Terms

View classes on the Student Portal. Meet with an advisor to discuss your academic plan and determine which courses to take.





Featured Events









Find us on Facebook













Fill out this registration help form and have a representative guide you.
Jump Start your career at West Campus.
The focus on Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) studies and research at Miami Dade College has never been greater.
Find out how Regina Gallardo tackled the problem with a cartoon pamphlet about traffic safety that has been adopted by the city.
Welcome to Miami Dade College West Campus, conveniently located just off the Florida Turnpike, amidst the City of Doral logistics hub.  Doral is the leader in logistics businesses in Miami and is a rapidly-expanding community in Miami Dade County.

The West Gallery allows visitors the opportunity to experience art from a wide variety of artists and styles, and to submit their own work to annual juried student exhibitions as well. It also serves as a vital and vibrant art space for the community to view defined key movements and tendencies in the arts through exhibitions, workshops, and gallery walks. 
Offering a variety of degrees and certificate programs, the Miami Dade College School of Science builds a strong foundation in the study of natural sciences. Start your journey to an advanced degree or build your skills for the cutting-edge workplace. At the School of Science, you'll find innovative learning experiences that open doors to discovery and success
Stay up to date with parking information for the campus.
Public Safety creates a safe environment.
Get your books (and lots more) before you need to hit the books.
Find the resources you need to succeed.
View classes on the Student Portal. Meet with an advisor to discuss your academic plan and determine which courses to take.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
