Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The mission of Miami Dade College Benjamin Leon School of Nursing (BLSON) is to change lives through accessible, high-quality, evidence-based education. The BLSON embraces its responsibility to serve as a diverse, civic, and healthcare leader for the advancement of our community.
        
The Benjamin Leon School of Nursing aspires to be nationally recognized as a leader in nursing education, innovation and strives to improve health outcomes in our diverse community.
        
The Vision of Miami Dade College Benjamín León School of Nursing is to be a school of excellence, renowned for its Values:
An environment that enhances students learning and professional 
            development empowered thought innovation, state of the art technologies, teaching excellence 
            and support programs that equip each learner with knowledge, skills, and values to succeed. 
            The Benjamín León School of Nursing assists students to develop life-long strategies that promote 
            professional nursing responsibilities and global citizenship.
        
A culture of inquiry and evidence that is characterized by the commitment of faculty, staff and 
            students to accountability for learning excellence through scientific inquiry based on the nursing 
            process, evidence-based practice, technology, interdisciplinary experience and community partnerships.
        
An exceptional work environment that makes MDC’s Benjamín León School of Nursing the 
            “employer of choice” for an exemplary, diverse nursing faculty workforce, who benefits from extensive 
            faculty development and educational opportunities, who engage in a true shared governance model, and 
            who utilize state of the art technology while teaching, contributing to an exceptional quality 
            learning environment.
        
Quality community partnerships with healthcare agencies in Miami Dade County to meet the community
            needs by educating culturally competent nurses who can provide high-quality healthcare and 
            education to a multicultural society.
        
A commitment to cultural initiatives that allow students to develop an appreciation 
            for the diversity of the individual in our global society, resulting in the delivery 
            of holistic, culturally sensitive nursing care.
        
Sustainability practices that distinguish Miami Dade Benjamín León School of Nursing as 
            leading innovator in educating our students as contributors to a healthy environment, 
            and an understanding of the impact of our changing environment on the health of 
            each individual.
        
Resource development and operational efficiencies that ensure effective support for the 
            Benjamín León School of Nursing’s long-term efforts to provide an innovative and 
            exemplary learning environment through the use of technology, research, and 
            ongoing process evaluation.
        
Global awareness of health care issues that impact the curriculum and provide an international perspective on health.
Upon completion of the  RN‐BSN degree, graduates will be expected to demonstrate the  following:  
Clinical Preceptor Manual
RN-BSN Student Handbook
Request more information at the New Student Center
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
