Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q. What is a Veterinary Technician?
A. Veterinary technicians typically conduct clinical work in a private practice under the supervision of a licensed veterinarian. Veterinary technicians assist the veterinarian by performing laboratory test, nursing care, radiographs, dental prophylaxis, surgical preparation and anesthesia for the surgical patient. Veterinary technicians assisting small-animal practitioners usually care for small pets, such as cats and dogs, but may perform a variety of duties involving mice, rats, birds, pocket pets, exotic animals, horses, sheep, pigs, and cattle depending on their working environment. Additional employment opportunities for veterinary technicians can be found in research facilities under the guidance of veterinarians or physicians

Q.  When does the program start and what is the target review date for the program?
A. The program starts in Fall (August) of each year. The target date to request a milestone review May 1st

Q. What are the program requirements? 
A. To request a milestone review to determine if you are eligible to progress to disciple courses, you must have completed with a grade of “C” or higher or be enrolled in the courses listed below. However, the selection of students to progress to discipline courses is based on the number of required general education and natural science courses completed at the time of program selection.
Q. What are the selection criteria?
                  A. Because enrollment is limited in this program, selection  criteria is based on the number of required general education and natural science  courses completed at the time of program selection with top priority given to  students that have completed all of the required general education and science  courses. Additionally, GPA is included in the selection process.

Q. Can I request a milestone review if I have not completed all of the general education and natural science courses?
A. Yes, you can request a milestone review before completing these courses. However, selection is based on the number of courses completed. You are encouraged to complete all of the program requirements to increase your chances of progressing to discipline courses 

Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. You will earn an Associate in Science degree in Veterinary Technology in approximately two years. This will qualify you to take the National Veterinary Technician Exam (VTNE) and upon successful completion apply for certification.

Q. What are the hours of the program?
A. The program classes are primarily  offered weekdays from approximately 8:00am – 4:00pm. Some evening and weekend  attendance is required.

Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
A. Employment is not  encouraged. Students must earn at least a final grade of “C” or better in  each course to continue in the program.

Q. Do you assist with job placement after graduation?
A. The Medical Campus does  not provide job placement.  Through the Career Center located in the New  Student Center on the Medical Campus, graduates may review employment  opportunities that have been forwarded to the Career Center. 

Q. Do I need to take a test to work in this profession after graduation?
A. Licensure is not required to practice as a Veterinary Technician in the State of Florida but all graduates are encouraged to take the Veterinary Technician National Exam (VTNE) with the American Association of Veterinary State Boards.

Q. What is the approximate annual salary for graduates of this program  in this area?
A. In the South Florida area,  entry-level graduates may expect to earn an annual salary of $20,500 - $32,200.00  if employed full-time. This does not include a sign-on bonus, benefits or  overtime.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
