Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The BAS in Supply Chain Management with a Concentration in Procurement Management will prepare students to examine domestic, major projects and international purchasing for industry, integrating production operations and logistics management. The modality includes practical concepts, theory and projects involving negotiation skills, advanced purchasing, cost saving techniques, contract administration from award to completion, as well as strategic procurement management. 
Employment of procurement/purchasing managers in the supply chain management industry are projected to grow over 10.3 percent in Miami-Dade County.
Salaries in management for procurement are growing faster than average of other areas. 
Learning practical concepts, theories and projects including negotiation skills, advanced purchasing, cost saving techniques, contract administration from award to completion, as well as strategic procurement management. 
The BAS in Supply Chain Management with a Concentration in Procurement Management includes understanding differences in cultures, law, currency, communications and buying from foreign suppliers. 

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
