Benjamín León
Start your success story at  the nation's most popular choice for RN preparation. The Benjamín León School  of Nursing is home to an award-winning faculty, cutting-edge  technology, and a unique focus on hands-on  training in state-of-the-art labs. The Benjamín León School of  Nursing offers associate and baccalaureate degree programs that build the  skills employers demand. 
Explore our nursing programs
Campus Directions | 305-237-4101
Campus Directions | 305-237-4101
Build your practical skills in this cutting edge facility, equipped with high-fidelity patient simulators capable of presenting hundreds of conditions in a realistic setting.
The Nursing Skills Lab will permit the development of skills and competencies in courses across the Benjamin
Leon School of Nursing (BLSON) curriculum. 
Quality, low-cost health services are available to our community and to our students, faculty and staff from all MDC campuses.
View a list of available healthcare services.
Online Bachelor of Science in Nursing (RN-BSN) ranks #7 among nation's most affordable.
Read more about the program here. 
Background Checks
All Medical Campus students must complete the FDLE Waiver and Statement form. This form is to authorize dissemination to Miami Dade College - Medical Campus of any national criminal history record that may pertain to you. Final admission into a Medical Campus program requires a Level II Background cleared by Medical Campus Administration. 
ADA Standards
In keeping with its mission and goals, and in compliance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Medical Center Campus promotes an environment of respect and support for persons with disabilities and will make reasonable accommodations.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
