IMPROVE YOUR SKILLS
“Make sure your worst enemy doesn’t live between your two ears.”
LAIRD HAMILTON
Who you know matters.  
Learn to create an effective profile on LinkedIn, the largest professional networking site available today. Connect to jobs, internships and industry professionals.
Learn what you need to do to understand how to successfully navigate through the job search process in the digital age, as well as, how it impacts the way you write your resume, prepare for your interview and follow up on applications.
View previous workshops and links about federal government employment.
Learn tips on how to create success with your personal finances.
Learn best practices in paying off your debts fast.
Learn how to network with people face-to-face and leverage social media platforms to identify more jobs and increase your chances of being hired. 
Learn tips on how to make a great first impression from shaking hands to increasing your confidence and dressing for success. Learn how to close the deal and negotiate your salary.
Activate and complete your MDC WORKS career account and learn about the career readiness resources, job and internship opportunities available to you.
Watch this video to help you create your free Career Profile, learn about all of the resources available to you through the MDC WORKS Career Studio website,  and search for jobs and Internships:
Over 75% of all jobs are filled through referral. Your network is your net worth so it is very important to expand your contacts and meet new people.
Learn behaviors and character traits that effective leaders use on a daily basis to help them motivate their teams, produce results and help them get hired or promoted.
Learn the correct format and content you need based on your industry to effectively communicate your skills, strengths and interests to an employer so that you get called for an interview.
Life is busy. You can have it all and have it all work. Learn practical and effective strategies on how to manage your time so that you have balance and harmony in your daily schedule.
FOR FACULTY
                    Schedule a classroom presentation or practice interviews for your students.
                
MDCWORKS@mdc.edu
305-237-9675 (WORK)

Instagram
                        

Linkedin
                        
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
