Flight Training  Devices (FTDs) or simulators are an excellent way for students to build the  skills and training needed in aerial maneuvering and management. Engulfed in  our full sensory simulators, students will be immersed in a first-class  experience at the ease of their fingertips. Simulators allot students the  ability to practice Cockpit Resource Management (CRM), to perform advanced  flight maneuvers, and to experience different modalities of weather patterns  affecting flight performance in a cost-effective, more efficient manner.
Our modern,  FAA-qualified simulator inventory includes both flight and tower technology.  Under the instruction of licensed and trained professional instructors, our  students are guided toward a path of success within the safety of a simulated,  real-world environment. To further enhance student learning, the MDC School of  Aviation is equipped with a weather station, the latest in drone technology,  and an Air Traffic Control Visual Flight Radar (ATC-VFR) tower to help students  deepen their understanding of the intricacies of aerial flight and management.
Recently updated in 2015 with the latest in simulation technology, our Redbird VTOs and aircraft simulators offer students training to become a helicopter and/or airplane pilot. 
The Redbird VTO is a helicopter simulator  that helps aspiring pilots learn the two fundamental skills of hovering and  autorotation. Designed with an innovative motion platform and accompanying  visuals, the Redbird is able to simulate multiple types of helicopters in one  full-motion experience.
The full-motion Redbird  Aircraft Simulators can mimic the capabilities of several different  aircraft, including Cessnas, Piper Arrows, and Beechcrafts. With a Level 6  FAA-rating, the School of Aviation’s simulators are perfectly calibrated to  create an immersive environment allowing students to practice in an adaptive  and experiential format of pedagogy.
There are 15 stationary  trainers that function as an introductory integration into the world of  aerial navigation. Aiding students in the transition to the pilot’s seat, these  advanced autonomic training devices are equipped with precise control systems  to meet the growing need of aviation specialists.
At our Miami International and Homestead locations, we have 2 state-of-the-art tower simulators with Tracon and en route capabilities, 7 radar simulators, and 15 pseudo-pilot positions.
The Air Traffic Control (ATC) tower simulators replicate real world,  practical airport environments. Conducive for instruction, the simulators use  high definition LCD screens to give students a 270 degree wrap-around visual.  The dynamism of the tower simulator enables students to experience various  weather conditions and lighting systems. Students can then review their  simulations using the debriefing feature to improve their performances.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
