Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
 Q. What is a Medical  Coder-Biller?
              A. Medical Coder/Billers review and analyze medical records and assign the  appropriate diagnostic and/or procedure codes to medical conditions specific to  the patient. These codes can then be used for many purposes including  health insurance claims processing and medical research.

Q. When does the program start  and what is the target review date for the program?
              A. The program begins every August and January. Requests for milestone reviews can be made year-round.

Q. What are the program requirements?
                A.  To be eligible for the program, you must be a current student at Miami Dade College and request a milestone review at the Program Request page.
                


Q. Can I request a milestone review if I have not  completed all of the general education and science courses?
A. Students must have a high school diploma or G.E.D. Students will complete Anatomy and Physiology 1 and 2 while in program.

Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. Upon completion of the program you will receive a College credit Certificate.

Q. What are the hours of the program?
A. This is an evening program with some courses offered through Virtual College, In Person, MDC Live, or Hybrid. This is not an online only program. Classes are offered Monday through Thursday starting at 5:30 PM. 

Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
A. This program is highly demanding, and students are therefore more successful if they do not work while in the program. If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week. Students should also consider family responsibilities before committing to a full-time accelerated program.

 
Q. Can the Medical Coding program be taken part time?

A. Yes, students are not required to go full time. If someone wants to go part time, they can take two or three classes a semester. However, it will take a year to a year and a half to complete the program, and going part time may affect financial aid. Be sure to check with your financial aid adviser.

 

Q. Do I need to take a test to work in this profession after graduation?
A.  A state exam or license is not required to work in the  profession. However, since certification increases employment opportunities,  we encourage students to sit for certification as soon as possible. Graduates from this program can sit for coding credentialing exams offered by  both the American Health Information Management Association and the American  Academy of Professional Coders.
Q. What  is the approximate annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. In the South Florida area, the range is from 32,965 to 56,700, with an average salary of  $44,400, according to Salary.com. 

Q. Can the Medical Coding program be taken part time?

A. Yes, students are not required to go full time. If someone wants to go part time, they can take two or three classes a semester. However, it will take a year to a year and a half to complete the program, and going part time may affect financial aid. Be sure to check with your financial aid adviser.

 

Q. Do I need to take a test to work in this profession after graduation?
A.  A state exam or license is not required to work in the  profession. However, since certification increases employment opportunities,  we encourage students to sit for certification as soon as possible. Graduates from this program can sit for coding credentialing exams offered by  both the American Health Information Management Association and the American  Academy of Professional Coders.

Q. What  is the approximate annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. In the South Florida area, the range is from 32,965 to 56,700, with an average salary of  $44,400, according to Salary.com. 

This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
