Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Data Analytics is an emerging, in-demand 21st-century technology related to the explosion of "big data." It has, just over the past few years, revolutionized the manner in which organizations function across all modern industries. This shift has created a talent gap for data analysts with the appropriate training and skill set. MDC's Bachelor of Science in Data Analytics addresses the growing demand for skilled professionals who can identify, analyze, interpret and present the volumes of data that are critical to the success of organizations. 
Graduates of the Data Analytics program will use machine learning, statistics, programming, and visualization tools to resolve complex business problems and make recommendations that effectively support tactical and strategic business objectives. The Bachelor of Science in Data Analytics meets the general bachelor's degree requirements for acceptance into most master's degree programs
Areas of study include:

Employment opportunities for data analysts are abundant in both public and private sectors, including healthcare, business, finance, manufacturing, energy, education, government and science. Job titles include data analyst, database architect, data warehousing specialist, business intelligence analyst, and data scientist.
Graduates of this program may find employment in positions such as:

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.

    Email: bs-da@mdc.edu

As a benefit of the  Bachelor of Science in Data Analytics, MDC has agreements in place with other institutions that give graduates the opportunity to advance to a Master's degree and  possibly complete it in one year:
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
