Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
MDC's Associate in Science in Surgical Technology prepares its students to work as part of the health care delivery team in hospital operating rooms, ambulatory surgical centers, outpatient surgery centers, specialty surgical centers, and physicians’ offices. 
 Students will acquire extensive knowledge of legal and ethical responsibilities, anatomy, physiology, pathophysiology, microbiology, aseptic techniques, patient care procedures, surgical technology procedures, patient safety, and use and care of equipment and supplies, preoperative (before surgical procedure), intraoperative (during the surgical operation), and postoperative (after surgical operation).
                
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
The Medical Campus Surgical Technology Program is a two-year (6 semester) course of study requiring 64 credits for an Associate in Science degree. After completion of the program, graduates will be eligible to sit for the National Board of Surgical Technology and Surgical Assisting (NBSTA) exam to earn their professional certification of surgical technologist (CST). 
To facilitate the clinical portion of the program, students are assigned to a clinical facility within Miami-Dade County. Students are responsible for their own transportation to the campus and to various agencies in the community to which they are assigned for clinical experiences. Students are also responsible to adhere to their clinical instructor’s schedule within their required clinical hours.
                

This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Apply  to earn six (6) College Credits towards a degree in Surgical Technology. 

  For more information, visit our industry certification page. 

Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
