We assist in connecting students with international  opportunities including: fellowships, internships, scholarships, and study abroad/exchange programs.  Additionally, we offer student support and monitoring services for  pre-departure, overseas term, and a smooth re-entry process. 
We assist in the creation of field-specific Study Abroad programs, the enhancement of global curriculums and the pursuit of international fellowship opportunities.
We engage the community at large through a series of multicultural events that enhance awareness of an interconnected world. We also work closely with governments and non-profit organizations in the development of grants and contracts that support international cooperation.
Miami Dade College offers students the opportunity to study abroad in 6 continents and over 30 countries. Study abroad options include faculty-led summer programs, College Consortium for International Studies (CCIS) partnership programs, as well as some select grant and fellowship programs. 
The U.S. Department of State assigns Senior Foreign Service  Officers to the position of Diplomat in Residence (DIR) at certain colleges and  universities throughout the United States. The DIRs serve as recruiters and  mentors for candidates interested in careers in the Foreign Service and Civil  Service and can offer guidance on applying for Student Internship Programs and  Fellowships. The U.S. Department of State is seeking the best and  brightest candidates to represent America's rich diversity to the world.
Be sure to check out www.careers.state.gov for detailed information on careers and student programs with the U.S.  Department of State.  
Mignon Houston - U.S. Diplomat
Mignon has served as a U.S. Diplomat for 15 years.  She is currently the Diplomat in Residence in Miami, Florida -  recruiting for the State Department in Southern Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands.
 As a U.S. Diplomat, she has worked abroad promoting U.S. foreign policy and partnerships. She has served in U.S. Consulate in Cape Town, South Africa; the U.S. Embassy in Manila, Philippines; the U.S. Embassy in Yaoundé, Cameroon; and the U.S. Consulate in Guadalajara, Mexico.  Domestically, she worked in Washington, DC for the Office of the Special Envoy for Sudan and South Sudan as well as for the Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs. Based on her Spanish and French language abilities, she has served two temporary duty assignments in Madrid, Spain and in Libreville, Gabon.
She received her undergraduate degree from Winston-Salem State University in 2004 as a double major in Spanish and Mass Communications and her Master’s degree from the University of Delaware in 2006 in Urban Affairs and Public Policy.  She grew up in North Carolina and is married with a four-month-old son name Atlas. 
        U.S. Department of State, 
          Florida International and Miami Dade Universities
202-515-0265
email: DIRSouthFlorida@state.gov 

 
Samila Sosic
                Executive Director - Office of International Education



Gabriela Esteves
               Director of Global Student Programs
Diana Fernandez
              Program Coordinator

Gabriela Esteves
               Director of Global Student Programs
Diana Fernandez
              Program Coordinator
Office of International  Education
                Miami Dade College, Wolfson Campus
                300 N.E. Second Avenue, Suite 1440
                Miami, FL 33132
studyabroad@mdc.edu
                (305) 237-3124
                Explore the world through our study abroad programs. Visit the Study Abroad MDC website for more information.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
