All Tuition and fees are due and payable in full by the due date posted on the fee invoice. Tuition and fees are subject to change without notice.
Payments are applied to College “Charges Due” on student accounts based on a priority of paying the oldest charge first.
Miami Dade College offers a number of different options to make it easier for students to pay their bill, including Third Party billing, Florida Prepaid billing, Financial Aid, Fee Waivers, and payment plan options.
Students must continually monitor their MDC email and student account information to ensure tuition and fees and other charges are paid in a timely manner. Lack of written notification of the tuition and fee debt does not negate the student’s responsibility to pay by the published deadline.
Students that are delinquent in paying their current term tuition and fees are subject to having their class schedule cancelled. Unpaid Tuition balances result in hold on transcripts and course registration for the current and subsequent semesters.
The College shall exert every effort to collect all delinquent accounts and may employ the services of a collection agency. This includes, but is not limited to, contact by manual calling methods, prerecorded or artificial voice messages, emails, automated telephone dialing systems, and letters. Any address or phone number associated with an account, currently or in the future, including wireless telephone numbers, regardless of whether it incurs charges or not, can be used in this collection effort.
You may contact the Bursar's office at 305-237-9310
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
