Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
MDC Online offers a wide variety of online courses that allow you to fit class around a busy schedule or even complete a bachelor, associate or college credit certificate program entirely online. Browse our course listings to see what the MDC Online has to offer.
Miami Dade College reserves the right to cancel classes and/or programs for which there is insufficient enrollment, to close a class when the enrollment limit in that class is reached and to make any schedule changes as necessary, including a change in time, days, credit, location, or instructor. In the event of cancellation, the College will notify each registrant by e-mail and/or by telephone and will issue a full refund. Miami Dade College is not responsible for any other related expenses.
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
For more information and assistance, please contact:
MDC OnlineStudent Support Center
Phone:305-237-3800
Email Us:online@mdc.edu
Book  an Appointment (online, phone, in-person)
	Wolfson Campus
		300 NE 2 Avenue, Suite 7148
		Miami, FL 33132
Hours:
	Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET 
  Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET 
Wolfson Campus
		300 NE 2 Avenue, Suite 7148
		Miami, FL 33132


Search statewide for distance learning courses and degree programs offered by Florida's Colleges and Universities or regionally through SREB.
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
