Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
The NSLS is the largest leadership honor society in the  United States. Our local chapter is part of the national organization with 700+  chapters and over 1.4 million members. The NSLS chapter at MDC was started in  the Summer of 2021, with the first active members accepting their invitations  in Fall 2021.
Students are selected based on exemplary academic  achievement and leadership potential. As of 2021, our members have access to:
The NSLS leadership program teaches the interpersonal skills  that employers seek to give you an edge in the job market. Hear  directly from current members who share how their experience has  changed their lives.
              If you become a member, some of the other benefits are:
Visit  the NSLS website to learn more about and accept your nomination.
Some of the common questions we receive are listed below. If  you have any other questions, visit nsls.org to chat with a team member  or email help@nsls.org.
 What do I have to do to become inducted?
The five-step program takes approximately 9-10 hours over  the course of the semester at your pace.
                Is the organization recognized by MDC?
Yes, NSLS is a new student organization at the college;  however, there are more than 700 chapters and over 1.4 million members  nationwide.
 Login to Canvas
 Live Chat Support
The Student Support Center can help resolve technical issues and answer questions about current and future courses and semesters. Current and prospective students can submit a ticket by emailing online@mdc.edu and will receive a response from the Student Support team.
For more information and assistance, please contact our Student Support Center:
Phone:305-237-3800
Email Us:online@mdc.edu
Schedule an Appointment:
Set up an appointment to meet with an MDC Online Student Support Team Member
Hours:
			Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET
			Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
