Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Apply for Open Door. We will cover the cost of tuition, fees, exams, books, and more.
In just one year, Miami Dade College's Medical Assisting certificate program can prepare you to start a career in this fast-growing medical field. Upon completion of the program, students will be ready to join a team of professionals at clinics, medical offices, hospitals and out-patient facilities. Classes begin in January, May and August, but don't wait to apply: Candidates are considered on a space-available basis.
The Medical Assisting program is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. In addition to the required courses, students are also required to take and pass the T.A.B.E. before graduation:
The T.A.B.E. requirement can be met in varies ways:
 Located in the very heart of Miami-Dade's downtown medical community, MDC's Medical campus is home to state-of-the-art facilities and an experienced faculty. MDC maintains dozens of partnerships with medical practices, providing students with real-world training each semester through an integrated externship experience. Course material covers: anatomy & physiology; pathophysiology & disease for Medical Assistants; pharmacology; theoretical aspects of clinical skills; application of Clinical Skills; and clinical externship. Course material covers:
Students that successfully complete all program requirements from the Medical Assisting program and have met all requirements, may upon graduating apply to the MDC Bridge Nursing Program. After completing the program, students may also take the following certification exams: X-ray technician, phlebotomy technician, pharmacy technician, ekg technician. Possible career paths include:
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
