Padrón Campus President
Dr. Alanka Brown has worked in the field of higher education for over 15 years where she has served in both teaching and administrative positions with her most recent position serving as Vice President for Academic & Student Affairs at the City Colleges of Chicago’s Wilbur Wright College. A sought-after speaker on topics of college & career readiness, postsecondary attainment, workforce connections, and alternative pedagogical strategies, Dr. Brown has a notable expertise in transformational leadership and the design and implementation of alternative student achievement systems. She also has a strong background in strengthening connections between colleges and communities through her efforts in facilitating the collective impact systems that establish and leverage collaborative work among key community sectors.

                            Dr. Brown holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Political Science from Florida A&M University, a Master of Arts in International Affairs/International Political Economy from Florida State University, a Masters of Public Administration from the Nova Southeastern University Huizenga College of Business, and a Doctor of Education degree in Higher Education Administration from the Nova Southeastern University Fischler School of Education. She also holds a graduate certificate in Education Law & Policy from the Nova Southeastern University Shepard Board Law Center, and a second graduate certificate in Project Leadership from Cornell University's College of Engineering. Dr. Brown last served at Miami Dade College in 2014, as Director of Academic Readiness in the Completion by Design grant program. 
Visit the Padrón Campus Website

Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
