In its broadest definition, social science is a branch of science that studies human behavior, human societies, and social relationships. The field encompasses a wide range of disciplines and subject matters, including politics, law, history, psychology, and sociology.
The department of Social Sciences and Criminal Justice at Kendall campus offers the Associate in Arts (A.A.) degree with a pathway to Anthropology, Criminal Justice Administration, History, International Relations, Political Science, Psychology, Public Administration, Social Work, and Sociology. Courses for these programs are offered every semester, as well as Student Life Skills (SLS) courses that are designed to help students succeed in college. Classes vary from traditional face-to-face format to blended (half face-to-face, half online).
Some of the classes required for MDC's Addiction Studies C.C. Certificate and the A.S. degrees in Criminal Justice Technology-Generic, Crime Scene Technology-Crime Scene Investigation, and Paralegal Studies are also available at Kendall campus. 
The Social Sciences department at Kendall campus can be found in room 6206, which is located in Building 6 on the second floor.
The Psychology Student Organization (PSA) is a student driven, academic organization intended to expose students to the field of psychology and psychology related topics.
Psi Beta is a national honor society in psychology for community colleges. The mission of Psi Beta is professional development of psychology students through promotion and recognition of excellence in scholarship, leadership, research, and community service.
This club promotes awareness and interest in the many Criminal Justice fields that are available to students. It is open to all MDC students, regardless of their major.
AnthropologyAssociate in Arts
Criminal Justice Associate in Arts
HistoryAssociate in Arts
International RelationsAssociate in Arts
Political ScienceAssociate in Arts
Pre-LawAssociate in Arts
PsychologyAssociate in Arts
Public AdministrationAssociate in Arts
Social WorkAssociate in Arts
SociologyAssociate in Arts
Department of Social Sciences and Criminal JusticeMiami Dade College Kendall Campus11011 SW 104 Street Miami, FL 33176 Room 6206 (Building 6, 2nd floor)
Hours of OperationMonday - Friday 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Schedule an appointment with one of our advisors so that we can help you choose the best classes for your program.
Contact your advisor directly or contact the department using the information below.
Appointments are not necessary. Walk-ins are welcome. For general academic inquiries, students should be present at least half an hour before the department closes. For academic plans, students should be present at least an hour before the department closes. To confirm advisement hours or advisor availability, please call the department.
Email: ksocialsciences@mdc.edu
Phone: 305-237-2215
