Fitness, Aquatics and Wellness Center

Aqua Fit
Slash into fitness with our aqua classes and build cardiovascular fitness and strength. This cooling, non- impact workout is excellent in enhancing your fitness and ease stress on the joints. Because of their low-impact format, water aerobics classes are suitable for every age and fitness level, from beginning exercisers through elite athletes. Participants may bring and use their own water shoes and gloves. Other aqua fitness devices are provided.
Aqua Walking- n- Tone
Water walking offers several benefits over taking your typical stroll on land. The water provides resistance, making your muscles work harder to move forward. At the same time, it provides buoyancy, helping reduce strain to your joints. Changing your water walking routine keeps it interesting while allowing you to work different muscles as part of the exercise. This class will incorporate muscle toning exercises using water gloves, kick boards, and hydro tones dumbbells. Supplement your workout routine with this fun and joint loving workout!
Ball Room Latin Rhythms
An aerobics class infused with ballroom Latin rhythms, movements, and music. Brush up on your Rumba, Cha Cha, Salsa, and more while you dance some inches away with this light to moderate workout.
Bottoms Up
Bottoms up offers you a circuit of training exercises designed to tone the lower body focusing on muscles such as: quadriceps, glutes, and hamstrings. It will also consist of abdominals exercises for better core stability. Sculpt, shape and strengthen your lower body in this 45 minute workout. Various equipment will be used and modifications will be available for whom may need them.
Get your cardio workout with Latin dance moves and sounds. All the fun, plus you will be burning calories!
Get your cardio workout with Latin dance moves while toning muscles. All the fun, plus you will give your muscles a workout. Learn how to use lightweight, dumbbells to enhance rhythm and tone all the target zones, including arms, abs and thighs. Café Con Leche’ Tone is the perfect way to sculpt your body naturally while having a total blast.
This class raises the cardio bar from our traditional “Café Con Leche” salsa exercise class. Cardio-Colada features exotic Latin and International rhythms that will energize your system. Participants will dance to their favorite music like: salsa, merengue, cumbia and reggaeton. The exhilarating, easy-to-follow moves and the invigorating party-like atmosphere will provide the right combination to get fit and have fun at the same time. Join us and get your energy level blown away!
This class is one notch above the aerobic kick boxing classes. Students will learn self-defense tactics while benefitting from an aerobic workout utilizing kick boxing exercise styles. Class uses boxing padded stands, target mitts and target bags.
Try These 3 HIIT Circuits to Burn Fat and Boost Your Metabolism
Now what is HIIT?
HIIT, or high-intensity interval training, is a technique in which you give 100% effort through short, intense bursts of exercise followed by short (sometimes active) recovery periods. This type of workout keeps your heart rate up and burns fat in less time than low intensity exercise. These class take this training approach into another level that is led by a trainer-coach approach through a paced workout that includes specific muscle target areas. These classes are for the serious individual seeking results!
The participants are given a heart rate monitored and are consulted with their individual training zone. Instructor monitors participants during exercise coaching session that offers various modes level of intensity, including warmup and cool down sessions. The class concludes with 20-30 minutes of multi muscle recruitment exercises involving large muscle group (compound training) to rev up your metabolism hours after the workout!
Note: Exercises are modified by instructor to meet your needs and limitations.
HITT Lower Body- Utilizing the HIIT general definition, this class targets lower body using weighted exercises such as: squats, walking lunges, single legged lunges, glute kickbacks, plus more!
HITT Explosive-Utilizing the HIIT general definition, this class targets full body using calisthenics, functional training exercises with a mega emphasis on core strength and stability!
HITT Upper Body- Utilizing the HIIT general definition, this class targets upper body using weighted exercises such as: shoulder press, dumbbell curls, super-setting exercises involving resistance bands, plus more!
Interval Step-n-Tone
Kettle bell Cardio
Kettle Training
ParaYoga is drawn from ancient teachings and is connected to a living tradition and lineage (Sri Vidya). It is the skillful use of energy to accelerate growth, rise above limitations, and access our highest potential. A ParaYoga practice increases clarity, calmness, balance, alertness, confidence, ease, and awakens the vibrant internal force. Postures (asanas) are sequenced using wise, methodical progression (vinyasa krama), and are based on energetic and mechanical dynamics. The practice includes the techniques of breathing (pranayama), gestures (mudras), energy locks (bandhas), chanting, meditation, visualization, and deep relaxation woven together for a remarkable experience of an authentic practice
This class focuses on toning and strengthening upper and lower body in a circuit format. Tone muscles with this intense muscle building routine, from your legs to your core: nothing will be missed. Exercises range from lifting dumbbells, powers bars, plyometric exercises, resistance bands, step benches, and stability balls. This is a complete body toning circuit class that will make you sweat while increasing your metabolic levels.
This class is a gets you off the mat and on to a physioball ball. Actually, Instability Ball, Off-Balance Ball, or Engage All Your Core Muscles Ball would be more appropriate, and give a big hint as to why fitness balls are so popular in Pilates. The tippy nature of a ball makes it quite a balance challenge when one it trying to sit or lay on one while exercising. Whenever you challenge balance you have a great opportunity to test core strength using the powerhouse and stabilizer muscles. You will find that even having just the hips or legs on the ball, while the rest of the body is stable on the mat, is an increase in difficulty. This is your choice class to strengthen back muscles.
This class is a gets you off the mat and on to a physioball ball. Actually, Instability Ball, Off-Balance Ball, or Engage All Your Core Muscles Ball would be more appropriate, and give a big hint as to why fitness balls are so popular in Pilates. The tippy nature of a ball makes it quite a balance challenge when one it trying to sit or lay on one while exercising. Whenever you challenge balance you have a great opportunity to test core strength using the powerhouse and stabilizer muscles. You will find that even having just the hips or legs on the ball, while the rest of the body is stable on the mat, is an increase in difficulty. This is your choice class to strengthen back muscles.
Trim and Tone. This class offers a cardiovascular and weight loss workout during the first 30 minutes, incorporating easy and fun step aerobic exercises. The second half of class will strengthen your core muscles utilizing the most effective Mat Pilates exercises.
This class involves a trainer directed approach incorporating exercises that will lead you into your heart rate training zone. Exercises will be a combination of lunges, squats, steps, dumbbells and resistant bands. Participants will be encouraged to wear a heart rate monitor that will be provided.
This class combines the movements of Yoga and Pilates in one. Benefits will include enhancing your flexibility, reducing stress and improving overall body and mid-region (core) strength.
This class will integrate the movements of yoga along with the practices of Meditation. The miracle of meditation and the physical benefits of Yoga practice is no secret. Commonly, these two separate classes that are practiced separately. Why not experienced both in one class? A vast and growing body of research shows that meditating can reduce stress, alleviate anxiety and depression, increase your attention span, and deepen your compassion for others, among its many other benefits.
The journey to a healthier you starts with this first step. Get started today.
Join Now
Train safe by following the rules. Train effectively with help from our staff. Contact us to make an appointment for an exercise orientation.
Training Guidelines



