North Campus  President
Fermin Vazquez is committed to advancing equity through student success with a supportive servant leadership style. As President of Miami Dade College's North Campus, he takes pride in empowering both faculty, students, and our community through development of special projects such as the Single Stop Food Pantry and local outreach. His personal mission is to transform the lives of students by enriching our diverse community through academic excellence, innovation, and meaningful career opportunities.
Mr. Vazquez served as Sr. Director of Campus Administration at North Campus and prior, at the Wolfson Campus.  As Sr. Director of Campus Administration he was responsible for planning, implementing, supervising and evaluating effective campus-wide services in the areas of fiscal management, facilities management, grant management, and resource development among other areas and large scale projects. He also served as the Campus Incident Crisis Management Commander in the event of major emergencies.
With over twenty (20) years of combined facilities management and administrative leadership experience in public higher education, Miami-Dade County's Public Schools system and the private sector, President Vazquez also oversaw the campus administration operations for the institution's outreach academic centers, Carrie P. Meek Entrepreneurship Education Center in Liberty City and the Aventura Center. 
President Vazquez has a genuine desire to improve the lives of the students he serves, whether traditional or non-traditional student, first-generation or beyond. This passion culminates from his experiences as a proud alumnus of Miami Dade College. He earned a Bachelor of Business Administration from Florida International University and a Master's degree in Business Administration from Nova Southeastern University. He is a firm believer in the Miami Dade College motto: "Opportunity Changes Everything."
Visit the North Campus Website.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
