Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Apply for EDGE Scholarship. Receive tuition assistance, mentorship opportunities, access to internships, and dedicated advisors who will help you navigate the college experience.
The Fire Fighter/Emergency Technician (EMT) - Combined certificate prepares graduates with the technical skills needed to fulfill roles and positions in the fire service and emergency services industry. MDC has a nearly 100% pass rate for the State of Florida Firefighter Certification test. 
MDC's Fire Service instructors are among the most experienced instructor's in the State and represent fire departments in the tri-county area. Instructors expertise includes Hazardous Materials Technician, Urban Search and Rescue, Flight Medic, Marine Firefighting, Technical Rescue.
The combined program (750 hours/25 Credits) is designed to provide the Fire Fighter Minimum Standards training followed by the EMT training. The Fire Fighter Minimum Standards program involves 450 student contact hours (15 Credits) of training. Upon successful completion of the Fire Fighter Minimum Standards training and the State Certification Examination, the student will receive a Certificate of Compliance from the Florida State Fire Marshall's Office, Bureau of Fire Standards & Training (BFST-352-369-2800) as a Florida State Certified Firefighter. 
The Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) - Combined program involves 300 student contact hours (10 Credits) of training that includes lecture, laboratory, and clinical hours. Upon successful completion of the EMT training, the student is eligible to apply for the credentialing process to become a Florida State Certified Emergency Medical Technician. 
Areas of study in this program include:

Professional Certifications: 
Graduates of the Fire Fighter/Emergency Medical Technician Combined Program are immediately eligible for employment within the State of Florida, upon successful passing of the State test.                
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
For general information about MDC's programs and services, please contact:
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
