
Miami Dade College's commitment to the enrichment of this community extends beyond the classroom into the local economy. There is no better place to connect with the local economy than at Miami Dade College.  As one of the county's largest and most diverse organizations, Miami Dade College is uniquely positioned to initiate and develop partnerships with businesses as a catalyst for revitalization of our community.  Therefore, it is the College’s strategic goal for the Small Local Business Enterprise (SLBE) Program to partner with the community, and foster economic growth and development of small and local businesses. In keeping with this goal, the College has adopted and approved a new Small Local Business Enterprise Policy with initiatives to support our growing local economy.
Effective Tuesday, January 19, 2021, Miami Dade College Purchasing Department will be moving its bid notification and bid submission system to BidNet Direct as part of the Florida Purchasing Group.  All College issued solicitations will be posted on the Florida BidNet Direct website for suppliers to access. Suppliers will have the ability to download the bid document as well as any Addendums or other supporting bid documents. In addition, suppliers will be able to upload their electronic bid responses to the College via the BidNet portal as well as receive intent to award notifications. You must register with BidNet Direct in order to view the official solicitation documents. There are free and paid registration options available.
Visit the BidNet Direct Site Now
Miami Dade College is pleased to announce our e-supplier Portal, the College’s online supplier registration process. Existing suppliers of the College may access the Portal to confirm or modify information on record and view recent financial activity, such as payment dates, check numbers, etc.This online system process was designed to allow our suppliers to interact with the College’s database directly and securely. We appreciate all of the businesses that provide goods and services to the College and are confident that this new process will better enable us to maintain an accurate, comprehensive supplier database. To access the system register at mdcsupplier.mdc.edu and select “Create New User Accounts”.If you have any questions, please contact the Purchasing Department, the Minority and Small Business Enterprise Office or send an email to mdcvendors@mdc.edu.
Visit the MDC Supplier System
February 10, 2022
Register
8:30 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.
9:15 a.m. - 9:30 a.m.
9:15 a.m. - 9:30 a.m.
9:30 a.m. - 10:30 a.m.
Take advantage of this open format session to ask questions you have for one or all of our panel of experts. Moderated by G. Eric Knowles, President and CEO - Miami-Dade Chamber of Commerce.
10:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.
Sheldon EdwardsMinority and Small Business Enterprise Assistant Director/Equal Opportunity OfficePhone: 305-237-0010 E-mail: sedward2@mdc.edu
Joy RuffDirector - Equal Opportunity Office/Human Resources Phone: 305-237-0269 E-mail: jruff@mdc.edu
Dulce Rodriguez-De KruegerAdministrative AssistantKendall Campus, EEO/MSBE OfficePhone: 305-237-0294E-mail: drodri18@mdc.edu
