Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Students begin the Surgical Technology Program in January or May of each year. The required natural science and general education courses are an important part of the program. Since selection is highly competitive and enrollment is limited, it is strongly recommended that these natural science and general education courses be completed before requesting a Milestone Review of your academic records. Please visit the Medical Campus Program Requirements web page to request a Milestone Review by the target deadline date of September 1st of each year for the January (Spring semester) start and April 30th of each year for the May (Summer semester) start.  Completing these requirements will improve your chances of being selected to progress to discipline courses. Please note that taking these courses in advance does not guarantee admission. Meeting the program requirements does not guarantee selection towards beginning discipline courses. 

              Top priority is given to students that have completed all the required general education and science courses by the target review date. Grade Point Average (GPA) (Minimum 2.5 cumulative GPA) is also a factor in the selection process. Students are selected for an interview once all admission requirements are met. Students who receive notification of an interview should respond within 48 hours or risk the chance of securing a spot. (Please note that there is no waiting list).

 
Students  enrolled in the clinical portion of the program are required to complete the  Miami Dade College Student Health Record and criminal background check process.
Successful  completion of the MDC level two background check process or completion of a MDC  nursing/health sciences program does not guarantee a graduate’s eligibility for  participation in the professional credentialing process or for related  employment. Credentialing agencies and health care employers may have additional eligibility criteria not required by an educational institution.  Individuals who have been arrested or convicted for any crime are strongly  urged to inquire directly of the licensing board in the jurisdiction in which  they intend to practice.
If you have previously attended any college or university other than Miami Dade College, you must arrange for that institution to send official transcripts to MDC’s Transcript Evaluation department located at the Kendall campus prior to the target date of September 1st for a January acceptance.
Students who have  attended foreign colleges must submit original transcripts and a certified  English translation before February 1st to the Registrar at the Medical Campus for evaluation.  For details, please call 305-237-4141. 
Students who have  attended a foreign allied health or nursing program should consult the Miami  Dade College catalog for more information about how to have their transcripts,  diplomas, and credentials evaluated for U.S. equivalency
This program is  competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
      Step 1: Apply to MDC as a Associate in Science Adult Vocational Student. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or  haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami  Dade College application.
Step 2: Visit Medical  Campus Program Requirements web page to submit program application. 
Introduction to Healthcare (HSC 0003) Waiver Process
      Under certain conditions you may be eligible to apply for an exemption.
      Questions About This or Other Programs at the Medical Campus?
      Call 305-237-4141 or email: madvisement@mdc.edu.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
