Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
As a healthcare worker you may be  exposed to diseases spread through the blood or other bodily substances.
  Bloodborne  pathogens are infectious and disease-causing microorganisms carried by the  blood.
  Bloodborne diseases that you could be exposed to include:
The  two most significant diseases which can be transmitted by blood and body fluid  exposure are Hepatitis B (HBV) and HIV. HBV is much more virulent than HIV and  HBV can live 7-14 days in dried blood.
  The Dental Hygiene Clinic follows  the College’s Exposure Control Plan that identifies specific procedures  and job classifications in which exposure to blood occurs.   
Universal  Precautions/ Standard Precautions
  Standard  precautions are our approach to infection control.  This approach means treating all human blood  and certain human body fluids as if they were infected with HIV, HBV, or other  bloodborne pathogens.  Because you don’t  know for certain who may be infected, we must use standard precautions with all  patients to prevent exposure to blood and body fluids.
The  Dental Hygiene Program, in order to reduce the likelihood of exposure, has  implemented and stablished an ongoing review of our protocols; that includes,  but not limited to:
Engineering Controls And Work Practice Control Policies In:
Individuals requesting a milestone review, progression to clinical courses, and graduation from a  program in Nursing and Health Sciences must be able to meet the physical and  emotional requirements of the academic program. In addition, students admitted  to the programs in Nursing and Health Sciences must possess the following  qualities:
Because of the unique responsibilities involved in all Health Science professions, each department reserves the right to require that the student who appears to be unsuited for any program therein withdraw from the program and be guided into another curriculum of study at the College.
An individual who poses a direct threat to the health or safety of others or themselves may be denied admission, progression or graduation. The College's determination that a person poses a direct threat will be based on an individualized assessment that relies on current medical evidence or on the best available evidence to assess the nature, duration, and severity of the risk and the probability that the potential injury will actually occur.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
