The MDC-HC STEM lab offers students a wide array of supplemental assistance to ensure academic success. Our facilities house state-of-the-art technology and software, as well as knowledgeable tutors that can provide face-to-face, virtual, individual, or group sessions in a variety of STEM courses such as math, physics, biology, chemistry, and more.
The purpose of tutoring is to meet students' academic needs and help them become independent learners. The STEM lab tutors are trained to challenge and guide students in a creative and intellectually stimulating learning community. STEM lab services are available for all MDC students.
Make a virtual or in-person appointment with a tutor online, the lab hours are:
Set Up Your Appointment Today!
The STEM lab bootcamp is designed to cater to students of all levels, from beginning to advanced learners, ensuring everyone can receive help from this enriching experience. The STEM lab’s dedicated team is committed to providing individualized attention to each participant by aiding with help on entry level math and chemistry courses. These bootcamps are designed to review past material to allow students to be able to test out of introductory Math and Chemistry courses. Students will have the opportunity to ask questions, receive feedback and address any areas where they may be facing challenges.
Other services offered by the STEM Lab:
Stop by the STEM Lab today located in Building D, Room 105, call us at 305-237-5229, or email us at STEMWave@mdc.edu for more information.

We are now accepting 2024 Summer Institute Participants. Apply today!
Learn More
 
STEM Lab Hours of Operation:Monday – Thursday: 8:00 am to 9:00 pmFriday: 8:00 am to 5:00 pmSaturday: 10:00 am to 2:00 pm
STEM Lab Address:500 College Terrace, D105Homestead, Florida 33030Building D, 1st Floor, Room 105
 
Mrs. Edda Juarez-Infante, MBASTEM Wave Directorejuarezi@mdc.edu
Dr. Hong (Wendy) ZhuDatabase and Reports Analysthzhu@mdc.edu
Dr. Takevess HatcherEnrollment Specialistthatche1@mdc.edu
Ms. Angelica CavallaroOffice Specialistacavalla@mdc.edu
