Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Transportation & Logistics operations is the second largest employment sector in the United States. The fluidity of integration in the field of Transportation & Logistics has expanded to include air, rail, sea, and truck transport.
As multinational corporations, governmental, and non-governmental organizations (NGOs) have expanded supply chain networks into an international industry, Transportation & Logistics management has become  essential to the economic stability of this country. Every year, billions of dollars of cargo move through ports and corridors in South Florida – the gateway to the Americas. This rapidly growing industry is looking to hire those who have the knowledge and skills necessary to increase efficiency and output of product.
Students will focus on transportation logistics and management. They will learn to engineer solutions to operational problems while developing the analytical skills needed to excel in this fast-paced environment. Students can choose to work domestically or internationally for governmental agencies, global carriers, and private or public sector organizations.
Note: All credits acquired in MDC's certificate programs for Intermodal Freight and International Freight can be used toward the associate's degree in Transportation & Logistics.

Graduates of this program may be employed in a number of positions including:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
