Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Meeting the minimum requirements does not guarantee acceptance into the program. Hundreds of highly qualified candidates apply every year. Fifty-five candidates are selected annually. 
Apply to  Miami Dade College for admission or  readmission. Students who have not enrolled in a class at MDC in the last 12  months must apply for re-admission.
If you live out of state and are unable to visit in person, please use our contact form.



A student who has completed all the requirements in Step 2 should request a milestone review:
The Miami-Dade program uses the PA-CAT as a part of its selection process.
To learn more about the PA-CAT, visit the Physician Assistant College Admissions Test (PA-CAT) website.
Students are selected for an interview once all admission requirements are met. Students who receive notification of an interview should respond within 48 hours or risk the chance of securing a spot. The interview process involves an oral interview along with a requirement to write a short essay in 30 minutes.
The program's selections committee is seeking applicants who:
Admission Preference
*** Please note that PACAT scores at 525 and above are most desirable****
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
The MDC PA Program is one of the most competitive programs in the college. Although many highly qualified candidates apply, only 55 can be selected once a year. The following student guide will provide information that may assist students maximize their chances for selection into the MDC PA Program.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
