Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Meeting the minimum requirements does not guarantee acceptance into the program. Hundreds of highly qualified candidates apply every year. Fifty-five candidates are selected annually. 
Apply to  Miami Dade College for admission or  readmission. Students who have not enrolled in a class at MDC in the last 12  months must apply for re-admission.
If you live out of state and are unable to visit in person, please use our contact form.



A student who has completed all the requirements in Step 2 should request a milestone review:
The Miami-Dade program uses the PA-CAT as a part of its selection process.
To learn more about the PA-CAT, visit the Physician Assistant College Admissions Test (PA-CAT) website.
Students are selected for an interview once all admission requirements are met. Students who receive notification of an interview should respond within 48 hours or risk the chance of securing a spot. The interview process involves an oral interview along with a requirement to write a short essay in 30 minutes.
The program's selections committee is seeking applicants who:
Admission Preference
*** Please note that PACAT scores at 525 and above are most desirable****
The ideal student has the academic ability, prior health care  experience, and personal maturity to successfully complete the program and to  ensure a productive career as a physician assistant. Ability to relate to  people, capacity for calm and reasoned judgment in encountering emergencies,  and a demonstrated commitment to patients are qualities essential for a physician  assistant.
  The program's selections committee is seeking students who:
Note: Preference is given to military veterans and Miami-Dade County residents however, all students are considered.
Students must be enrolled in or have successfully completed HSC 0003 – Introduction to Health Care (2.5 credits) and HSC 0003L – Introduction to Health Care Lab (.5 credits). Introduction to Healthcare course (HSC003/Lab) is an institutional requirement. For more information about this course please call (305) 237-4103
Please note: All students meeting minimum program requirements are encouraged to request a milestone review. However, meeting criteria for selection does not guarantee progression to discipline courses and not all students will progress to this milestone.  Final selection will be based on the student pool.
 
All students will be required to take the PA-CAT as part of the selection process. To learn more about the PA-CAT, visit the Physician Assistant College Admissions Test (PA-CAT) website.
For information about program requirement for the PA-CAT, please see Step 4 under the Apply to MDC tab on this page.
There is financial aid available to cover some of the cost of the PA-CAT for qualifying students. Please contact the test sponsor for more information.
All students who submitted a request for a milestone review by the target review date and have met all the minimum program requirements are eligible to take the Selection Written Essay test. 
Students will write a short essay on an assigned topic utilizing paper/pencil.  Students will be given 30 minutes to complete the short essay portion of the examination. This essay will be evaluated by an external review committee based on proper grammar, spelling, and sentence structure. The essay should include an introductory statement and thesis statement, a body, and a conclusion. Essays are graded using a program-generated rubric. The topic of the essay is chosen by the program administrators. 
The following criteria is used to determine which students will be selected for the Oral Interview phase of the selection process:
PA-CAT Score
Admissions Essay score
Overall GPA
Natural Science GPA
Medical training and background
Degrees earned
Based on the above criteria, students ranking 1 to 100 will be invited to an oral interview. The MDC PA selection interview is designed to help the program learn more about the student while allowing the student an opportunity to demonstrate their level of readiness for the PA Program. All students are asked the same questions (with occasional variations to maintain the integrity of questions). Some questions are single and direct in format while others are multipart, layered, or scenario based in nature. Students are expected to answer all questions. The interview evaluates several aspects of the student including but not limited to Professionalism, Knowledge of the PA profession and Sciences, character, and communication skills. This is measured through observation of the student’s behavior, attitude, and response to the interview questions. Notice of students selected for an interview will be sent via email between November and January.  
Fifty-five students may be chosen for entry into the discipline phase of the program each year.** 
** Students from current class who are decelerated may affect total amount of seats available for the incoming class.
*Baccalaureate degree must include 2 levels of math & must include College algebra or higher & Statistics.
NOTE:
View the complete course list (PDF).
Students should review the College Catalog for specific course descriptions, including pre and co-requisite course requirements.
In Program Course Sequence
 This  course sequence document outlines all the  courses a student will take (By Term) throughout their tenure in the PA  program.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
The MDC PA Program is one of the most competitive programs in the college. Although many highly qualified candidates apply, only 55 can be selected once a year. The following student guide will provide information that may assist students maximize their chances for selection into the MDC PA Program.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
