Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Apply for Open Door. We will cover the cost of tuition, fees, exams, books, and more.
The Phlebotomy Technician program is designed to prepare students for  employment in a hospital laboratory, blood center, or other health care  facility to draw blood by venipuncture and capillary puncture. 
Students are  taught safe and efficient work practices in obtaining adequate and correct  blood specimens, labeling specimens, and transporting specimens correctly to  the appropriate laboratory sections. The Center for Disease Control (CDC)  guidelines for HIV/AIDS, Hepatitis B and other diseases are stressed. 
This is a Career Technical Certificate program. The Medical Campus Medical Phlebotomy Program is a Career Technical Education Certificate program that is a one semester course of study requiring 5.5 CTE credits (165 contact hours). The estimated time of completion is 8 weeks. Courses are offered in the morning and evening.

                The Phlebotomy Program provides learning experiences that enable the student to acquire and assimilate the necessary skills to function effectively as a supportive health care provider. This program is highly demanding, and students are therefore more successful if they do not work while in the program. If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week. Students should also consider family responsibilities before committing to a full-time accelerated program.

                To facilitate the clinical portion of the program, students are assigned to a clinical facility within Miami Dade County. Students are responsible for their own transportation to the campus and to a clinical site which they are assigned for their required clinical experience.   Students enrolled in the clinical portion of the program are required to complete the Miami Dade College Student Health Record and criminal background check process. Areas of study in this program include:

This program prepares students for an entry level position in  the healthcare field in just one to two semesters of training. Phlebotomists graduated at MDC Medical are in high demand in the medical  institutions in the area due to the quality of the knowledge and practical  level of graduates. The expertise earned in the Phlebotomy program has proven to be an excellent  path that with further studies can lead to other careers in the medical field such as:
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
