Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College

Q. When does the program start and what is the target review date  for the program?
A. The program officially begins every semester of each year.  If students have met the majority of requirements courses, students may enter at the beginning of each semester if seats are available with the program coordinator and Chairperson’s approval.

Q. What are the program requirements?
A.  To request a milestone review to progress to discipline classes,  you must have ENC 1101 – English Composition 1 completed.

Q. Can I request a milestone review if I have not completed all of the general education and science courses?
A. Yes.  You can request a milestone review. 

Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. You will receive a college credit certificate.

Q. What are the hours of the program?
A. The program is an evening program.  Requirements and selected HIM prefix courses are offered online through Virtual College.  

Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
A. Yes.  The majority work either part-time or full-time.  Students are encouraged to work a maximum of 20 hours per week to be successful in the program.

Q. Do you assist with job placement after graduation?
A. The Medical Campus does not provide job placement.  Through the Career Center located in the New Student Center on the Medical Campus, graduates may review employment opportunities that have been forwarded to the Career Center. 
Q. What is the median annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. In the South Florida area, entry-level graduates may expect to earn an annual salary of $24,000 - $33,500 if employed full-time. This does not include a sign-on bonus, benefits or overtime.
Q. What makes your program different from other Healthcare Informatics Specialist programs?
A. Besides being affordable, our students are provided opportunities for clinical internship, service learning activities and afforded the opportunity to access three different types of electronic health record systems. Students will receive training in two different electronic health record systems and analyze data. The program offers AHIMA VLab, Neehr Perfect Software Systems and other learning resources to maximize learning. In addition, students will receive free student membership to American Health Information Management Association with the purchase of the new course textbook, Health Information Technology Applied Approach- 5th edition, which is used throughout the program.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
