Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Computer Information Technology Associate in Science program provides an opportunity to establish a basic foundation in computer applications. Graduates are prepared for positions as microcomputer support specialists, user support specialists, applications system specialists and computer information managers to meet the demands of today’s automated offices. In addition, program objectives are designed to assist students in their development of interpersonal and communication skills required by office professionals.
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
Students who complete this program will have the necessary training to sit for the CompTIA A+ Certification Examination. Program areas of study  include:

In just one year, you can earn your associate in science in computer information technology. In this high-tech degree program, you'll learn to troubleshoot software, hardware, and network problems. It’s an ideal program for creative problem-solvers who love to work with technology
The U.S. Department of Labor projects a 12 percent growth in employment of computer and information technology occupations from 2014 to 2024.  Growth in these occupations is credited in part to an emphasis on cloud computing, the collection and storage of big data, and the continued demand for mobile computing.  Students who pursue this course of study may find employment opportunities in networking and computer systems administration, database administration, and software development, in job roles such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Get help on campus
305-237-8888
 Use Live Chat
Get direct help with admissions, registration, or any other questions you may have.Make an Appointment
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
