School of Continuing Education & Professional Development
Getting your high-school diploma just got easier! How is the online program different?
Get in touch with Karin or Dennys, our GED Online instructors, to see if GED Prep Online is right for you and then contact the campus of your choice to schedule your placement test and orientation.
Find your campus
All you have to do is stop by any of the College's campuses and apply for admission. This is usually a short process because the MDC GED program has an open enrollment policy that allows students to enroll throughout the year. Visit our Contact Us page for campus locations.
As soon as you are ready, one of our specialists will help you get started by training you on how to log on and use the online system from any computer. This training can be done over the phone, via e-mail, or at one of our GED labs.
Any computer with Internet access and a web browser (including America Online) will be sufficient. If using a computer at home, we recommend a minimum connection speed of 56K. You will, of course, also need an email account.
Once you log on and you're ready to go, the online system will begin by giving you a pre-test. Upon completion of these GED simulated subject tests, the software will determine the subject areas which you need to concentrate on. This customized "prescription" ensures that you focus on the areas you need to master.
Lessons and tutorials can be accessed 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. A GED online instructor is available to assist you by e-mail, instant messaging or phone.
If you need more preparation time, you are welcome to register for the GED online in the next available semester.
Visit our GED Preparation page for more information.
You can now submit important documents for your admissions process.
Visit our MDC Online Admission Form
Many opportunities await you upon completion:
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
