This degree is designed to provide students with practical, hands-on training to acquire the skills necessary to obtain employment in the highly competitive field of Architecture. Students will learn to use the latest technologies in state-of-the-art facilities, giving them the knowledge and experience they need to successfully achieve their academic goals and professional aspirations.
 
The Associate in Science in Building Construction Technology is designed to provide students with the skills necessary to obtain employment in the highly competitive fields of architecture and construction management. Students will learn to use the latest technologies in state-of-the-art facilities, giving them the knowledge and experience they need to successfully achieve their academic goals and professional aspirations.
 
The Associate in Science in Interior Design Technology is designed to provide students with practical, hands-on training and the skills necessary to obtain employment in the highly competitive field of Interior Design. Students will learn to use the latest technologies in state-of-the-art facilities, giving them the knowledge and experience they will need to successfully achieve their academic goals and professional aspirations.
The Associate in Arts Degree with a pathway to a degree in Architecture is designed to provide students with practical, hands-on training to learn the skills necessary to obtain employment in the highly competitive field of Architecture. Students will learn to use the latest technologies in state-of-the-art facilities, giving them the knowledge and experience they will need to successfully achieve their academic goals and professional aspirations.
 
The Associate in Arts degree with a pathway to a baccalaureate in Building Construction is for students primarily interested in managing the construction of buildings rather than their architectural design. Coursework includes math and science subjects as well as courses in business, surveying, and architectural materials and construction. Credits may be transferred to either a Florida state or out-of-state institution. A four-year degree in this field will prepare students to enter the building construction industry at the management level.
 
The Associate in Arts Degree in Interior Design is designed to provide students with practical, hands-on training to learn the skills necessary to obtain employment in the highly competitive field of Interior Design. Students will learn to use the latest technologies in state-of-the-art facilities, giving them the knowledge and experience they will need to successfully achieve their academic goals and professional aspirations.
Interior Design studies combine architecture, art and design courses, training the student to understand the relation of interior spaces to the total design of structures (including architecture, landscaping and lighting). An interior designer encounters a variety of challenging work, available in professional, institutional and private settings.
 
The Associate in Arts degree in Landscape Architecture prepares students for transfer by offering courses in architecture, horticulture and botany. Landscape architects plan the arrangement of outdoor areas for public use and enjoyment, making recommendations for the types and location of plantings, circulation, drainage and other harmonizing improvements with existing land features and architectural structures. The University of Florida offers the only in-state program in landscape architecture.
The Building Construction Specialist college credit certificate prepares students for entry in the construction field through acquisition of a basic understanding of drawings and construction estimating through curriculum and practical experiences. Following successful completion, students can obtain employment assisting in construction offices or job sites.
 
The Computer-Aided Design Assistant Certificate is designed for students seeking employment in an architectural firm as CAD assistants. Program course work directly relates to a career in drafting. The certificate program prepares students by providing a thorough understanding of the graphic skills needed to read, interpret, and produce technical drawings.
 
The Computer-Aided Design Operator College Credit Certificate program is designed to prepare students to work in an architectural firm by obtaining intermediate skills in design graphics. After successfully completing the program, students may obtain employment assisting architects and drafters with computer-aided drawings and design presentations.
