Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Associate in Science in Criminal Justice Technology provides you with a solid foundation of basic law enforcement skills. It includes courses in the areas of law enforcement, legal systems, crime prevention, corrections and probation. These areas of study are directly involved in the apprehension, prosecution, defense, sentencing, incarceration, and supervision of those suspected of, or charged with, criminal offenses.
The Associate in Science in Criminal Justice Technology is a technical degree. This program is for students seeking non-sworn positions in public safety professions. Coursework includes:

This program additionally provides students with the opportunity to earn credits that can be applied towards College Credit Certificates which can enhance skills in many areas and provide a competitive edge in the industry. College Credit Certificates available in related areas include:
                  Upon completion of the Criminal Justice  Technology program, the student will be eligible for the Associate in Science  degree. The A.S. degree opens up entry-level non-sworn positions in local,  state and federal agencies, i.e., juvenile justice, private security, law  enforcement, corrections, probation and parole, detention centers and community  based intervention programs. Employment may be found in a variety of situations such as:

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
