Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Florida Funeral Director certificate program is intended for individuals who have obtained a prior degree from an accredited institution in any subject and intend to transition into a new career path. 
Funeral Directors arrange the details and handle the logistics of funerals, assist the family in establishing the location, date, and time of wakes, memorial services, and burials, and determine whether the body should be buried, entombed, or cremated depending on the family’s cultural and/or religious practices. 
This college credit certificate prepares students for the Florida State Board Exam to seek licensure as a Funeral Director. The program is presented in a traditional face-to-face environment providing a high level of instruction for our students. Classes are conveniently offered in both daytime and evening sessions. 
The College Credit Certificate in Funeral Service Education is not accredited by the American Board of Funeral Service Education (ABFSE). 
ABFSE
                992 Mantua Pike, Suite 108, 
                Woodbury Heights, NJ  08097
                (816) 233-3747
                www.abfse.org
Areas of study in this program include:

This program helps to prepare students who are seeking employment in areas such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Get help on campus
305-237-8888
 Use Live Chat
Get direct help with admissions, registration, or any other questions you may have.Make an Appointment
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
