Welcome to the Department of Social Sciences at the Padrón Campus of Miami Dade College. The variety of courses offered in our Department includes those that are required for various majors as well as many electives. The Department offers a wide range of courses for academic programs leading to an Associate in Arts (A.A.) or Associate in Science (A.S.) degree in the disciplines within the Social Sciences. The Department’s courses include Anthropology, Criminal Justice, History, International Relations, Political Science, Psychology, Sociology, and Social Work.
The Department of Social Sciences is committed to student learning and provides courses during various time blocks and days of the week, providing various scheduling options.
Our highly qualified faculty utilize creative and innovative teaching and learning strategies. Students can obtain one-to-one assistance in our STEM success center or learning commons and/or utilize various software designed to assist classroom instruction. These support areas are open during the day, evenings, and weekends.
Lastly, the Department of Social Sciences has a Student Life Skills Program (SLS) for those students who need additional support to improve their academic performance.
Associate in Arts DegreeMiami Dade College offers an Associate in Arts (A.A.) degree with a pathway to a number of majors in the social sciences, including: Anthropology, Criminal Justice, History, Human Services, International Relations, Political Science, Public Administration, Psychology, Social Work and Sociology.
Homeland SecurityThe Department of Social Sciences offers specializations in Homeland Security, with a statewide certificate in Homeland Security specially designed for persons pursuing Bachelor's, Master's, and Doctorate degrees in Criminal Justice. Students completing the Homeland Security Certificate can apply to work for the Department of Homeland Security, law enforcement agencies, emergency management agencies, and other federal agencies. In addition, students interested in working with crime scene investigations can earn a statewide certificate in Crime Scene Technician. Students completing the Crime Scene Technician Certificate can apply to work for law enforcement and federal agencies conducting crime scene investigations.
Associate in Science DegreesThe Department of Social Sciences has two Associate in Science (A.S.) degrees. The first is the Social and Human Services degree with a Specialization in Addiction Studies. The second is a Social and Human Services-Generalist degree. In addition, under the umbrella of Social and Human Services we also offer a statewide Certificate in Addiction Studies, especially designed for those persons with Bachelor's, Masters, and Doctorate degrees but who want expertise in the Addiction field. Students interested in addiction studies that do not have a college degree can take advantage of the College Credit Certificate in Addiction Studies, which prepares you to begin working in the field and can be stacked to the AS degrees in Social and Human Services.
Academic PerformanceThe Department of Social Sciences has a Student Life Skills Program (SLS) for those students who need additional support to improve their academic performance.
• Anthropology• Criminal Justice Administration• History• International Relations• Political Science• Psychology• Sociology• Social Work
• Crime Scene Technology – Crime Scene Investigation• Crime Scene Technology – Forensic Science• Criminal Justice Technology• Social and Human Services – Generalist• Social and Human Services – Addiction Studies
• Addiction Studies• Crime Scene Technician• Homeland Security• Mental Health – Neuroscience and Aging
Psych Force
The mission of Psych Force is to become the arbiters of psychology, promoting learning, education and awareness campaigns in the field, both on campus and in the community. Anyone interested in the field of psychology as a major or who has an interest in psychology, may join. Join us.
Psi Beta National Honor Society
Psi Beta's mission is to encourage professional development and psychological literacy of all students at two-year colleges through promotion and recognition of excellence in scholarship, leadership, research, and community service. More information.

Peer Listener Program
The mission of the Peer Listener Program is The Mission of the Padron Campus Peer Listener program (through the psychology club) is to promote well-being to our students and to bring awareness of mental health issues and positive psychology through our peer-to-peer activities. Our peer listeners are equipped with a variety of skills, including active listening, stress management, problem solving and crisis management.
If interested, please contact the Peer Listener Program Advisor, Dr. Miriam Frances Abety
 
 
 
Department of Social SciencesMiami Dade College Padrón Campus627 SW 27th Ave, Miami, FL 33135Office 1308-5
Hours of OperationMonday - Thursday8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Friday8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Schedule an appointment with one of our advisors so that we can help you choose the best classes for your program.
Contact your advisor directly or contact the department using the information below.
Email: PadronSocSci@mdc.edu Phone: 305-237-6062Fax: 305-237-6179
