Student Government Association (S.G.A.) is the voice of the student body! Members are responsible for representing student’s interests and addressing student’s needs with campus leadership. Members represent the student body at campus and college-wide meetings. They also develop teamwork, leadership, and organizational skills that are vital in today's competitive job market. Furthermore, S.G.A. members work together to plan activities for the entire student body. These activities include stress relievers, heritage celebrations, awareness programs, and fundraisers.
Student Life brings campus engagement and student participation via clubs and organizations and supports leadership development via our campus’ Student Government Association.  Student Life supports the learning that happens in the classroom in a fun and engaging manner.  Active involvement and participation in Student Life enriches the college experience by providing students cocurricular learning opportunities that strengthen the key soft skills that employers are looking for such as: 
•	Emotional intelligence
                          •	Communication and interpersonal skills
                          •	Teamwork

How is SGA structured?
SGA is composed of an executive board and a senate. The executive board is elected by fellow students for a one-year term. The function of the executive board is as follows:
What do I need to become a part of SGA?
The qualifications for becoming an SGA member vary by position. The standard qualification for a member is:

                            1780 W 49TH ST
                            Miami, Fl 33012        
                            Room: 2102
                            Office: 305-237-8742
                            
sga-hialeah@mdc.edu 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
