
Apply to the Honors College
Check application status

Apply  online to Miami Dade College (Select Start a New Application)

                  NOTE:
Honors College Qualifications
 MDC Honors College students are selected via a competitive process that includes an online application, letters of  recommendation, official test scores, writing samples and a possible interview. There are multiple ways for applicants to tell  their stories and demonstrate that they are prepared to be an Honors College  Fellow. Applicants are evaluated on the entirety of their background, personal qualities, academic preparation and life experience. 
Admission Criteria
 Applicants must demonstrate that they are college-ready through standardized test scores and grade point average (GPA). Please review the application requirements below to determine eligibility.
Minimum Standardized Test Scores*
*Test scores are valid for 2 years.
Apply to the Honors College
Check application status
NOTE: You will need to use your MDC login credentials. If you do not know or forgot your username and password, please visit the MDC Student Portal for assistance
Your current high school transcripts are required as part of your application. In order for your application to be complete by your desired deadline, your transcript must be received or postmarked by that deadline. The Honors College will not accept transcripts delivered in person. Following are the two options for submitting transcripts your school may select from:
Applicants who did not attend high school in the United States must have their transcripts translated and evaluated including a GPA evaluation by a certified National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or Association of International Credential Evaluators (AICE).
Still have questions about entry into the Honors College? 
          View our Frequently asked questions to get answers.

Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
