Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Apply for Open Door. We will cover the cost of tuition, fees, exams, books, and more.
Health and insurance regulations are placing a premium on medical record keeping and boosting demand for skilled specialists. The Medical Coder-Biller program will prepare you for a career in this fast-growing medical field. The program is taught at MDC's Medical Campus, home to state-of-the-art facilities and an experienced faculty. Upon completion of our program, you will be prepared to become part of the administrative team at clinics, medical offices, hospitals, and other out-patient facilities. You may even be able to work from home. 
Classes begin in January and August. Enrollment is limited.
In this program, you will learn to use computer systems to code, classify, and index information for health records and medical billing. The clinical portion of the program utilizes AHIMA's Virtual Lab where students can access and experience the state-of-the-art software they'll use regularly in the working world. The Virtual Lab lessons and activities are designed specifically for  lab applications. They simulate real-world experience and allow students to test their skills and decision-making ability without jeopardizing the privacy, security, or integrity of real medical records.

The job market for medical coder-billers is expected to grow much faster than average and prospects are excellent. Candidates with formal training are most likely to be hired. A medical coder-biller could be employed by:
These programs are comprised of credit courses. Program length varies depending upon the complexity of the individual course of study. Training is focused on preparation for immediate job entry and specific job titles. Competencies gained upon successful completion of these programs may result in advanced placement or specific credits towards an Associate in Science degree. Students interested in this program should contact the appropriate campus department for additional information.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions


View accreditation information
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
