Modern States Education Alliance™ is a non-profit dedicated to making a high quality college education free of cost and accessible to any person who seeks one. Its founding principle is that access to affordable education is fundamental to any philosophy that respects all individuals, and fundamental to the American dream.
The following document is an optional printable flyer based on the content on the page.
Please download the Modern States Flyer to access instruction links, or explore the tabs below for the content.
Meet your Florida Civic Literacy requirement through CLEP! Follow these steps:
Modern States’ initial program, Freshman Year for Free™, is intended to let students earn up to one year of college credit without tuition or textbook expense.
Modern States is partnering with edX, the leading online learning platform founded by Harvard and MIT. Modern States has given edX the money to complete the development of more than 30 high quality freshman college courses, taught by some of the world’s leading universities and professors. Each course includes online lectures, quizzes, tests, and other features. Textbooks and materials will also be provided online, free of charge.
The courses are designed to prepare students for the major “Advanced Placement” (AP)* or “College Level Examination Program” (CLEP)* tests offered by the College Board, including subjects such as History, Computer Science, Math, English and Economics.
In short, Modern States works like a global digital public library of great college courses. Enrollment in Modern States courses will be “massively open” to all people without regard to age, location, family income, nationality, prior credits or other factors.
Business and Management
Composition and Literature
History and Social Sciences
Science and Mathematics
World Languages
Who is making this possible?
How does this lead to College credit?
Why participate?
What else do I need to know?
How does it work?
Schedule Now
Submit Satisfaction Survey
