Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q.  What is a Clinical Laboratory Technologist?
 A. A Clinical Laboratory Technologist is also referred to as a  Clinical Laboratory Scientist/Medical Laboratory Technologist or Medical  Laboratory Scientist. Professionals working in the laboratory sciences are  highly skilled health care practitioners who perform complex medical laboratory  tests for the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease.

Q.  When does the program start and when is the target review date for the program?
A. The program has two start dates which are dependent on whether the student is doing the day or evening track.  August is the start date for the day track and January is the start date for the evening track.  The target review date for the day track is May 1st and September 1st for the evening track.  A milestone review may be requested after the target review date.  However, late requests may not be considered for the upcoming discipline courses.

Q.  What are the milestone requirements?
A. To request a milestone review for the program, you must have met the selection requirements to progress to the discipline courses in the Clinical Laboratory Science Program on the requirement page.

Q.  What are the selection criteria?
A. Due to  enrollment limits for this program, selection criteria is based on  the number of required general education and natural science courses completed  at the time of program selection with top priority given to students who have  completed all of the required general education and science courses.  Additionally, GPA is included in the  selection process.

Q.  Can I request a milestone review if I have not completed all of the general education and science courses?
A.  To submit a milestone review request, you must have completed the requirement courses with a grade of “C” or higher or be currently enrolled in them. Students currently enrolled in these requirement courses must complete them by the start of the program.

Q.  What kind of degree will I be awarded when I  graduate?
A. Upon  graduation you will earn an Associate in Science degree in Clinical Laboratory Science.  The length of the program from  start to completion is approximately two years.   Your A.S. degree in CLS will qualify you to sit for national  certification as a technologist with A.A.B. (American Association of  Bioanalysts), or technician with the American Society for Clinical Pathology  (ASCP) and the American Medical Technologist (AMT).  Graduates are encouraged to sit for the  technologist certification.  Once  certified, graduates can apply for license with the State of Florida Board of  Clinical Laboratory Personnel. 

Q.  What are the hours for the program?
A. There  are two tracks for the program.  The day  track students attend classes mostly during the daytime hours.  The evening track students attend classes in  the evening.  Evening classes can only be  offered for the on-campus courses.   Students  in the evening track must be available to do clinical  training in the daytime for the clinical courses in the last semester of the  program.

Q. Can  I work while I am a student in the program?
A. Employment  is not encouraged. Students must earn at least a final grade of “C” or better  in each course to maintain their status in the program.

Q. Do  you assist with job placement after graduation?
A.  The Medical Campus does not  provide job placement.  Through the  Career Center located in the New Student Center at the Medical Campus,  graduates may review employment opportunities that have been forwarded by  employers.

Q. Do  I need to take a test to work in this profession after graduation?
A. Yes,  graduates must sit and pass one of the national certification exams.  National certification examinations are administered  by the American Association of Bioanalysts, American Society for Clinical  Pathology and the American Medical Technologist.  Additionally, upon successfully passing the  national certification examination, graduates must apply for licensure with the  State of Florida Board of Clinical Laboratory Personnel. 

Q.  What is the approximate annual salary for graduates of this program in this  area?
A. In  South Florida, entry-level graduates may expect to earn an annual salary of  $46,000 - $60,000/year if employed full-time. This does not include sign-on  bonuses, benefits, or overtime. Graduates can increase their salary by working  evening or night shifts which also carry a monetary per hour differential.            
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
