Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q. What is an Endoscopy Technician?
              A. Endoscopy or GI technicians (also known as flexible endoscopy reprocessors) are responsible for the preparation of the room and equipment before an endoscopic procedure and the cleanup and sterilization afterward.
Q. When does the program start and what is the target review date for the program?
              A.  The program begins every semester and applications are taken all year round.  

Q. What are the program requirements?
              A. To be eligible for the Endoscopy Technician program you must be a current student at Miami Dade College and submit a milestone review at the Program Requirements page. Be enrolled in, or have successfully completed, HSC 0003/L Introduction to Healthcare Lecture and Lab. 

Q. Can I request a milestone review if I have not completed all of the general education and science courses?
              A. Applicants must have a high school diploma or G.E.D.  There are no required general education or science courses. 
Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
              A. Upon completion of the program, you will receive a College Credit Certificate.
Q. What are the hours of the program?
              A. This is an evening program with courses beginning at 5:00 PM.  
Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
              A. This program is highly demanding, and students are therefore more successful if they do not work while in the program. If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week. Students should also consider family responsibilities before committing to a full-time accelerated program.


Q. Do I need to take a test to work in this profession after graduation?
              A. No licensure is required in the state of Florida at this time.
              
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
