Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Dedicate yourself to a rewarding career that changes lives, brings families together, and strengthens communities. In this course of study you’ll explore the psychology, biology, and social repercussions of substance abuse and addictive behaviors.

                  Our focus on real-world experience is facilitated by partnerships with local agencies such as the Miami Rescue Mission, the Salvation Army, Camillus House, and others. You’ll complete the program with the experience and knowledge needed to make a difference as a vital member of a health-care team that can include psychiatrists, physicians, social workers, and other professionals.

The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
Build the knowledge and skills you’ll need to succeed in human services. As an addiction studies student, you’ll learn about:

Employment for counselors and workers involved in the treatment of addictive behavior is expected to grow much faster than the average. An education in addiction studies opens doors to careers in a variety of workplaces: 
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Get help on campus
305-237-8888
 Use Live Chat
Get direct help with admissions, registration, or any other questions you may have.Make an Appointment
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
