The School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies  is proud to offer our Bachelor Students with a 3.2 GPA or above, the opportunity to join the prestigious Honor Society – ALPHA PHI SIGMA (the national honor society for Criminal Justice majors).
Baccalaureate students shall be enrolled at the time of application in the institution represented by the chapter, have declared a major, minor or equivalent in the criminal justice or related field, have completed three full time semesters or its equivalent, have a minimum GPA of 3.2 on a 4.0 scale, with a minimum GPA of 3.2 in courses in criminal justice related fields and rank in the top 35% of their class. A minimum of four courses of the above course work shall be in the criminal justice field.
Masters students shall be enrolled at the time of application in a Master’s program in the Criminal Justice field in the institution represented by the chapter; have completed four courses, have a minimum GPA of 3.4 on a 4.0 scale. Up to three undergraduate courses in Criminal Justice may be used to satisfy the four-course requirement. These courses must equate to a 3.4 GPA or higher, and the cumulative undergraduate degree program GPA is a 3.2 or higher. In addition, all Masters level coursework must equate to a 3.4 GPA or higher at the institution in which the student is enrolled.
Doctoral Students shall be enrolled at the time of application in a Ph.D. program in the Criminal Justice/ related  field in the institution represented by the chapter; have completed four courses, have a minimum GPA of 3.6 on a 4.0 scale. Up to threeMasters courses in Criminal Justice may be used to satisfy the four-course requirement. These courses must equate to a 3.6 GPA or higher, and the cumulativeMaster’s degree program GPA is a 3.4 or higher. In addition, any Ph.D. level coursework must equate to a 3.6 GPA or higher at the institution in which the student is enrolled.
Law School Students must have completed their first academic semester, with a grade point average of 2.5 or higher, on a 4.0 scale.
The following application needs to be submitted to the chapter advisor. For more information, please contact the School of Justice and ask to speak with Advisor; Dr. Nancy Alleyne.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
