Wolfson Campus is one of the most important cultural hubs in downtown Miami, a reputation built on decades of commitment to expression and creativity. Home to internationally acclaimed festivals, the campus also features renowned workshops, galleries, performance series, and more:
Jazz at Wolfson Presents is the only continuously running jazz series in Miami-Dade County, offering a free, year-long jazz concert series to residents, students, and music lovers of all ages.
Live Arts Miami is one of the city’s oldest and boldest performing arts series.  An action-driven, people-centered platform for powerful performances, impactful community programs and learning experiences that spark dialogue, raise awareness around pressing issues, and open minds and hearts in all who take part.
The first Miami Book Fair, founded by Miami Dade College and community partners, took place in 1984. Since then, it has been recognized as the nation's finest literary festival.
Bringing the best of world cinema to Miami, the festival presents the city and the film industry with a singular platform that fosters creative and technical talent.
MOAD offers groundbreaking exhibitions and programs which explore the challenges we face locally and globally; convening artists, designers, and thinkers to address the questions of our time.
Wolfson Campus hosts the Market and Movie night from September through April, on the first Thursday of the month. This family-friendly event is open to the public. Join the fun and learning, with children’s activities, music, food trucks, market, mini-classes, pet adoptions, and free popcorn and a movie under the stars!
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
