Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
In keeping with its mission and goals, and in compliance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Medical Campus promotes an environment of respect and support for persons with disabilities and will make reasonable accommodations. The definition of individuals with disabilities are those who currently have, have a record of having, or are regarded as having a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more major life activity. Major life activities include caring for oneself, performing manual tasks, walking, seeing, hearing, breathing, and working.
In order to fulfill the requirements of the Radiography program at Miami Dade College, students must be able to meet the physical demands associated with the profession. Examples of these requirements include but are not limited to the following: 
COMMENTS:
Standing and walking for 4 hours at a time while actively engaged in radiographic procedures.  Pushing and moving stretchers and wheelchairs with patients from patient areas to procedure rooms. Pulling and moving patients to and from radiographic table. Lifting/carrying and attaching extra radiographic table components for specific procedures. Utilize good body mechanics.  Pushing heavy mobile radiographic equipment throughout the hospital.
COMMENTS:
Reaching up to 6' with the use of a step stool if needed to manipulate equipment.  Gathering items needed for Intravenous injection. Drawing up contrast from vial for intravenous injection.  Palpate external body land marks to precisely line up radiographic tube.
COMMENTS:
Communicating in a clear and concise manner to people in various departments. Asking patients questions to obtain appropriate medical history. Listening to responses. Visually assessing patient. Hearing various background sounds during equipment operation.
Individuals requesting a milestone review, progression to clinical courses, and graduation from a  program in Nursing and Health Sciences must be able to meet the physical and  emotional requirements of the academic program. In addition, students admitted  to the programs in Nursing and Health Sciences must possess the following  qualities:
Because of the unique responsibilities involved in all Health Science professions, each department reserves the right to require that the student who appears to be unsuited for any program therein withdraw from the program and be guided into another curriculum of study at the College.
An individual who poses a direct threat to the health or safety of others or themselves may be denied admission, progression or graduation. The College's determination that a person poses a direct threat will be based on an individualized assessment that relies on current medical evidence or on the best available evidence to assess the nature, duration, and severity of the risk and the probability that the potential injury will actually occur.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
