The Campus Services Department ensures that the campus is a clean and safe place to work and study. Additionally, Campus Services is responsible for mail delivery and duplication services.
Monday - Friday: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
The Campus Services Department is responsible for the following areas: PBX (Operator), Custodial, Duplicating                    (Quick Copy Center), Mailroom, Maintenance and Public Safety.
                

Custodial
Duplicating (Quick Copy Center)
Mailroom






Custodial Department
The Custodial Department is responsible for providing a clean and healthy environment for our students and employees, preparing and setting up for special events, and providing delivery of archives to the College's warehouse.

Custodial Services Work Orders are to be used solely for the following:

Event Set-up. Please note that the Set-up hours are Monday to Friday from 7:00am to 3:30pm only.
Set-up of tables for visiting organizations or Campus Departments (exact time should be stated on the
													work order; if no one claimed/used the table within an hour of placement, it will be removed and the
													event will be considered cancelled) 
Moving furniture (only with the authorization of the Facilities Planner) 
Requesting materials that are in storage or sending boxes to storage (only archives
													may be stored)
Moving of any materials/supplies in boxes 
Request for water bottles to be replaced 
Request boxes for moving purposes (should be returned at the end of use) 
Request quick clean-ups (in case of a spill) 
Any request to transport material or food to or from your car to the Campus must be sent via e-mail
													or Custodial Services Work Order 24 hours in advance (you must park in the Padrón
													Garage for loading/unloading and then move your car back to the appropriate facility which you have
													been assigned.)






Contact Us



Custodial Department
P:
													305-237-6260
													
F:
													305-237-6295 




Online Forms


Work Requests
Need a work request? Use our work request form for:

Room Reservations
 Event Setups
Support

Submit a Work Request Form 
The Custodial Department is responsible for providing a clean and healthy environment for our students and employees, preparing and setting up for special events, and providing delivery of archives to the College's warehouse.
Custodial Services Work Orders are to be used solely for the following:
Need a work request? Use our work request form for:

 
  Custodial Work Order

							Online Duplicating Request Form
Vehicle Reservation Form
The Quick Copy Center provides quick and professional copies of documents, flyers, and exams.
Quick Copy: All requests of 20 copies or less per original while you wait. If you cannot wait for copies,
												your duplicating job must be submitted as a regular request. Turn-around-time will be on a first come
												first served basis: 
All job requests from one (1) to fifty (50) originals, twenty-one (21) to fifty (50) copies per original.
All job requests from one (1) to fifty (50) originals, fifty-one (51) to one hundred (100) copies per
												original.
All job requests from one (1) to fifty (50) originals, one hundred and one (101) to two hundred copies
												per original.
All job requests from one (1) to fifty (50) originals, two hundred and one (201) to three hundred (300)
												copies per original
All job requests from one (1) to fifty (50) originals, three hundred and one (301) or more per original.
											
The guidelines permit a teacher to make one copy of any of the following: a chapter from a book; an article
																from a periodical or newspaper; a short story, short essay or short poem; a chart, graph, diagram, drawing,
																cartoon or picture from a book, periodical or newspaper.
Teachers may photocopy articles to hand out in class, but the guidelines impose restrictions. Classroom
																copying cannot be used to replace texts or workbooks used in the classroom. Pupils cannot be charged
																more than the actual cost of photocopying. The number of copies cannot exceed more than one copy per
																pupil. And a notice of copyright must be affixed to each copy.
Examples of what can be copied and distributed in class include:
Not more than one short poem, article, story, essay or two excerpts may be copied from the same author,
																nor more than three from the same collective work or periodical volume (for example, a magazine or newspaper)
																during one class term. As a general rule, a teacher has more freedom to copy from newspapers or other
																periodicals if the copying is related to current events.
The idea to make the copies must come from the teacher, not from school administrators or other higher
																authority. Only nine instances of such copying for one course during one school term are permitted.
																In addition, the idea to make copies and their actual classroom use must be so close together in time
																that it would be unreasonable to expect a timely reply to a permission request. For example, the instructor
																finds a newsweekly article on capital punishment two days before presenting a lecture on the subject.
Teachers MAY NOT photocopy workbooks, texts, standardized tests or other materials that were created
																for educational use. The guidelines were not intended to allow teachers to usurp the profits of educational
																publishers. In other words, educational publishers do not consider it a fair use if the copying provides
																replacements or substitutes for the purchase of books, reprints, periodicals, tests, workbooks, anthologies,
																compilations or collective works.
All employees requesting our Over-The-Counter copies must complete and sign the Over-The-Counter log.
Over-The-Counter Request Form

													Online Duplicating Request Form
The Mailroom is here to help you with inter-office, U.S. mail, and express mail services. We also provide
												you the convenience of having a drop-off location bin for your personal U.S. mail.
All inter-office mail is sorted by campuses and departments. Therefore, inter-office envelopes must be
												addressed as follows:
Note: Please be informed that if address is incomplete it may cause a delay or misdirection
												of your mail. See sample below.
SCHEDULE PICK-UP TIMES ARE AS FOLLOWS FOR KENDALL CAMPUS COURIER: 
Inter-Office mail pick-up from Padrón Campus will be around 11:20 a.m. Mail will be delivered to Wolfson Campus
																		approximately at 1:40 p.m. Kendall Campus will receive mail from Padrón Campus approximately at 2:00 p.m. the
																		next day. Mail from Padrón Campus should arrive to Homestead Campus approximately at 3:00 p.m. the next. West
																		Campus mail pick-up from Padrón Campus will be around 11:20 a.m.
SCHEDULE PICK-UP TIMES ARE AS FOLLOWS FOR NORTH CAMPUS COURIER:
Inter-Office mail pick-up from Padrón Campus is approximately at 2:00 pm. Padrón Campus mail should reach North Campus approximately
																		at 3:00 p.m. Mail from Padrón Campus should arrive at Medical Campus approximately 12 noon the next day.
Monday - Friday: 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Upon availability of staff the Mail Center will arrange two daily deliveries. The first delivery will
													consist of US Postal Mail and inter-office mail and the second delivery will consist of UPS, Fed-Ex
													and other companies.
Note: All packages received require signature.
All U.S. Postal Services are provided except COD (cash on delivery). Other services provided are listed
													below, should you have any questions; please feel free to contact the mail center.
USPS Web Site
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
