
The Administrative Services Division oversees and provides support in the areas of public safety, custodial services, mailing services, duplicating services, on-campus events, facilities rentals, campus facilities planning, and the fitness/wellness centers.
Kendall Campus has many excellent facilities such as the Dante Fascell Conference Center, the Fitness/Wellness Centers, and the Aquatic Centers which are available for your use. Within the Administrative Services webpage, you will also find pertinent information about the college's new MDConnect - Instructor Workload System, the reservation of our facilities, as well as hours of operation and contact phone numbers, and the respective work-order forms.
Quick Copy Center
Custodial Services
Mail Room
Events and Rentals
Campus Facilities Planning
PBX-Telephone Operator
Public Safety
Fitness and Wellness Center
The following forms must have the signature of the Senior Director of Campus Administration before been processed:
Security and Parking are critical issues at any campus. Access to secured parking areas is only available for full-time employees per Procedure 1411 – Keys and Access Control
Please be advised that the Kendall Campus has upgraded and installed new gate-card readers, to replace the old "Royce Card System" in secured gated employee parking lots. In order to gain access to these secured parking lots, the new readers have already been pre-programmed for the gate to open when you swipe your employee ID/Access card
The new readers are located in the following secured employee parking areas:
DO NOT SWIPE the old white gate-cards in the new readers
Miami Dade College Kendall Campus11011 SW 104 Street, Room 8215Miami, FL 33176-3393
Hours of OperationMonday - Friday8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Administrative ServicesPhone: 305-237-2200Fax: 305-237-0938E-mail: mmateo@mdc.edu 
Miami Dade College, Kendall Campus has immediate openings for part-time Public Safety Officers. Find out about job positions that are available here.
As part of our COVID-19 prevention efforts, please use Adobe Sign when submitting forms for signature/approval. 
Administrative Services Handbook Contains information about the different services provided by the Administrative Services Division at Kendall Campus.
Agreement for Services Form (under Purchasing Section) Use this form to create an agreement for services; please refer to Policy VI-30 and/or College Procedure 6300 for additional information.
AFS Checklist 2021 Use this checklist to make sure that you are in compliance with the requirements for the processing of Agreements for Services. Please see important information
MDConnect Chart of Accounts (under Finance Security & COA Section) Use this form to: create a new chartstring, update an existing one, or inactivate Chartstrings. This form is also used to update the Budget Manager and Time-Keepers in any Department; remember that in MDConnect a "Department" can only have one (1) budget manager, and two (2) time-keepers. The form can be filled online and printed, then it must be signed and submitted to the Administrative Services Office in Room 8215 for processing. IMPORTANT: Don't fax the form to Business Affairs as they cannot process it without the Senior Director's signature and this will only delay the timely processing of the form. Please be advised that, per College Procedure 7922, access will not be granted until the employee has completed the Security Awareness Training.
MDConnect Access Request Form (under Finance Security & COA Section)Use this form to request access, as a preparer or approver, to the Financial / Payroll Systems in MDConnect. The form can be filled online and printed, then it must be signed and submitted to the Administrative Services Office in Room 8215 for processing. IMPORTANT: Do not fax the form to Business Affairs as they cannot process it without the Senior Director's signature as this will only delay the timely processing of the form. Please be advised that, per College Procedure 7922, access will not be granted until the employee has completed the Security Awareness Training. 
Access Card/Key Request FormUse this form to request an access card or keys (offices, desk, cabinet, etc.); the form is submitted online. Requests for damaged, lost/stolen access cards or keys REQUIRE a public safety report, and there is a replacement fee associated accordingly. Please refer to Procedure 1411 - Keys and Access Control.
Hurricane Irma Campus Restoration Report The SIT report contains a summary of the damages to the Kendall Campus due to Hurricane Irma on September 2017.
