Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q. What is a Phlebotomy Technician?
A. Phlebotomy Technician (Phlebotomist) is a member of the healthcare team skillfully trained to take blood and urine samples and even throat cultures from patients who are required to undergo laboratory tests. A phlebotomy technician is part of the clinical laboratory team working under the direct supervision of a department manager or medical technologist. Furthermore, they handle responsibilities such as clerical tasks, client services and visits to home-based patients for specimen collection.

Q. When does the program start and what is the target review date for the program?
A. The program begins every semester and applications are taken all year round. 

Q. What are the program requirements?
A. To be eligible for the Phlebotomy program you must be a current student at Miami Dade College and submit a milestone review at the Program Requirements page.  

Q. What are the selection criteria?
A. Enrollment in the program is limited. Meeting the program requirements does not guarantee progression to discipline courses. For this reason, following criteria are used to determine which students will progress: 

Q. Can I request a milestone review if I have not completed all of the general education and science courses?
A. Applicants must have a high school diploma or G.E.D.  There are no required general education or science courses.

Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. Upon completion of the program you will receive a career Technical Certificate.  Graduates of the program will also have the opportunity to challenge a National Certification Exam.

Q. What are the hours of the program?
A.  Courses are offered in the morning and evening. 

Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
A. This program is highly demanding, and students are therefore more successful if they do not work while in the program. If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week. Students should also consider family responsibilities before committing to a full-time accelerated program.

Q. Do I need to take a test to work in this profession after graduation?
A.  No licensure is required in the state of Florida at this time.


Q. What is the approximate annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. In the South Florida area, entry-level graduates may expect to earn an annual salary of $25,000 - $41,000.00.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
