Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College

Q. What is a Dental Hygienist?
A. The Dental Hygiene Program prepares its graduates to become members of a dental health team dedicated to helping individuals maintain oral health and prevent disease.  The Dental Hygienist is qualified by education and licensure to provide direct patient care prescribed by the dentist, to remove deposits and stains for the teeth, expose and develop x-ray films, and perform various other preventative and therapeutic services related to oral health care.  The Dental Hygienist educates individuals and groups of patient in proper preventative measures and explains the relationship between diet, smoking, general health and oral health.

Q.When do discipline courses start and what is the target review date for the program?
A. Discipline courses start in August of each year.  The target review date is May 1st.  Milestone reviews can be requested after the target review date.  However, late requests may not be considered for the upcoming discipline courses.

Q. What are the milestone requirements?
A. The selection of students to progress to discipline courses is based on the number of required general education and science courses completed at the time of  selection and the GPA.

Q. What are the selection criteria?
A. Because enrollment is limited in this program, selection criteria is based on the number of required general education and science courses completed at the time of  selection with top priority given to students that have completed all of the required general education and science courses.  Additionally, GPA is included in the selection process.

Q. Can I request a milestone review if I have not completed all of the general education and science courses?
A. Yes, you can request a milestone review before completing these courses. However, selection is based on the number of courses completed. You are encouraged to complete all of the basic science and general education courses to increase your chances of progressing to discipline courses.

Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. You will earn an Associate in Science degree in Dental Hygiene in approximately two years.  This will qualify you to take the National Dental Hygiene Board Examination and the Florida State Dental Hygiene Board Examination for licensure.

Q. What are the hours of the program?
A. The program classes are offered weekdays from approximately 8:00am – 4:00pm.

Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
A. Employment is not encouraged.  Students must earn at least a final grade of “C” or better in each course to continue in the program.

Q. Do you assist with job placement after graduation?
A. The Medical Campus does not provide job placement.  Through the Career Center located in the New Student Center on the Medical Campus, graduates may review employment opportunities that have been forwarded to the Career Center. 

Q. Do I need to take a test to work in this profession after graduation?
A. To work as a Dental Hygienist, a license is required in the State of Florida.  This license requires that you first pass the Dental Hygiene National Board Examination.  This licensure examination consists of a multiple-choice computer exam on the State Practice Act and a clinical examination of a live patient.

Q. What is the approximate annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. In the South Florida area, entry-level graduates may expect to earn an annual salary of $47,000 - $55,000.00 if employed full-time. This does not include a sign-on bonus, benefits or overtime.
  
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
