Miami Dade College uses the minimum scores, credits, and guidelines for awarding credit for exams established by the State of Florida's Articulation Coordinating Committee (ACC). For additional information please review State Rule 6A-10.024 (8) and visit the Florida Department of Education - Articulation web page and click on the ACC Credit-by-Exam List link located in the Credit-by-Examination section.
All Credit-by-Exams are processed as transcripts. Whenever it is not possible to give a direct equivalent to a course offered at Miami Dade College, a general elective will be awarded instead (e.g. TNFR 99XX). 
Scores from remote proctoring sessions are accepted at MDC. For more information on Transferring Credits to Miami Dade College, visit Transcript Evaluation.
Miami Dade College awards college credit for standardized examinations that document the required knowledge and competencies for one or more subject areas. Evaluations of examinations are made after the student has been admitted to the College. Official score reports must be sent directly from the testing agencies to the College's Transcript Processing Services Office. Awarded credit based on the College's approved course equivalents will appear on the student's permanent record and on the student's official College transcript as earned credit only. There will be no indication of grades or quality points, and duplicate credit is not awarded (State Rule 6A-10.024 (8). Scores from remote proctoring sessions are accepted at MDC. For more information about how to apply for credit based on prior learning, please visit the Prior Learning Assessment website.
Students may earn college credit based on obtaining a specified minimum score on nationally standardized examinations such as those listed below. Up to 45 total credit-by-exam credits may be awarded for guaranteed transfer.
Students may also earn credit for courses through Institutional Credit-by-Exam (iCBE).
Students can earn credit for licenses and certifications in diverse number of subjects and industries. There are hundreds of industry certifications and licensure in areas as diverse as healthcare, the legal field, aviation and law enforcement which can be redeemed for college credit if they are current and valid.
Below is the College's contact information for processing and evaluating transcripts.
Miami Dade College Transcript Processing Services    11011 S.W. 104 Street, Room R301  Miami, Florida 33176-3393 Phone: (305) 237-2701 Fax: (305) 237-2796 E-mail:transcriptservices@mdc.edu Website:www.mdc.edu/transcripts  Evaluation Services Office Phone: (305) 237-0440 E-mail: evaluationservices@mdc.edu Website: www.mdc.edu/transcripts
Schedule Now
Submit Satisfaction Survey
