Learn More
Questions? We Can Help! Call 800.609.8056
The Nelnet Payment Plan is available to students who need an option for paying course and tuition fees/credit unit fees not covered by Financial Aid and/or other sources. There is a $40 per semester non-refundable sign-up fee for using the Nelnet Payment Plan. View our most frequently asked questions.
 Make college more affordable by paying for tuition and fees over time. Tuition payment plans break down your tuition balance into affordable monthly payments. There's no interest, payment options are flexible, setup fees are affordable, and it's easy to enroll! 
 The maximum amount you may budget is $4500, any amount over this will be added to your down payment. 
 My Payment Plan enables you to view the current status of your payment plan, 
              account balance, payment amount, and manage your account. Once you complete your 
              payment plan go to https://mycollegepaymentplan.com/mdc/ to set up your account. 
Payment plan are available on March 11th, 2024.
Note: 
Payment plan available on October 23rd, 2023, and payments are processed on the 25th of each month.
Note: 
Payment plan available on January 21, 2024, and payments are processed on the 25th of each month.
Note: 
The Nelnet Payment Plan is available to students who need an option for paying course and tuition
        fees/credit unit fees not covered by Financial Aid and/or other sources. Break down your tuition 
        balance into affordable monthly payments. There is no interest, finance charges or credit check. 
        Payment options are flexible and setup fees are affordable. 
        Enrollment in this plan is easy and available online. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
