Our Retention teams are dedicated to you and your academic journey. We're here to be an important and influential part of your experience at North Campus. We're available to assist you from your first day on campus until you walk across the stage at graduation to receive your degree. 
Please visit our offices and meet the many caring, talented and dedicated team members who will help you with any issues, problems or concerns you might encounter while in college.
We look forward to being part of your college success story!
Not an MDC student yet? Apply Now
Retention and Transition Services, a unit within the Division of Student Services, enhances teaching and learning by providing programs and services to promote a quality of student life that fosters individual potential and student success. Opportunities are developed to retain, graduate, and ensure successful transition to an upper division institution and entry into the workplace.
Advisement & Career Services - The Academic Advisement program assists students in the development of meaningful educational plans that are compatible with their goals.  Through the advisor student relationship, students are encouraged to learn and grow.  Additionally, students receive the resources and support needed to maximize individual success.
ACCESS (Disability Services) - Access Services provides support for students with disabilities. The program strives to improve the educational development of students with disabilities and to enhance understanding and support within the campus community. ACCESS Services assume a major role in ensuring that the campus community is knowledgeable about, and in compliance with, legal requirements as such under Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) of 1990.
Single Stop - Single Stop is a one-stop source for students and immediate family members to be connected to public benefits and local resources. Single Stop offers students a wide array of services including benefits screening, free tax preparation, financial coaching, Food Pantry for Students and health insurance assistance. In October 2010, Miami Dade College’s partnership with Single Stop USA was established and more than 40,000 students and families have benefited from the program's services to date.
TRIO - TRIO Student Support Services at North Campus provides the means by which there is a personal approach to advising and counseling students. Included is a network of individualized and intensive services designed to enhance students’ academic and personal development.
 
Retention & Transition Services
Miami Dade College - North Campus11380 NW 27th Ave Miami, FL 33167 Building 1 - Room 1104
General Information
305-237-1405reconnect@mdc.edu
Welcome Back Sharks Scholarship
Commencement is coming very soon. To review frequently asked questions about commencement please visit our FAQ section.
View Commencement
