The College encourages all students who wish to be considered for Financial Assistance to complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Students eligible to participate in the Federal Student Assistance programs should be aware of the College's and Federal Financial Aid policies, procedures, and other requirements for eligibility and participation.
Many of the specific eligibility requirements to gain and retain Federal Aid eligibility is found in the publications provided by the U.S. Department of Education, and on their websites at:
Additionally, the College makes many of these booklets, brochures, pamphlets, applications and other consumer information available at the Campus Financial Aid Offices.
In accordance with the Student-Right-to Know Act, the College provides the following information for its students:
The student ombudsman that serves as the initial point of contact for students who have concerns, complaints, or issues related to College processes, policies, and procedures. The ombudsman listens to student concerns; directs students to the appropriate MDC office, policies, and procedures; and, if requested, assists students in completing the forms required to obtain a resolution. The student ombudsman has the authority to investigate issues and arrange meetings among the involved parties in order to reach a resolution. MDC has designated the student ombudsman as the Assistant Dean of Student Services or designee at each campus.
View the Student Complaint Procedure
The following information is provided to students to give them a general overview of the Student Financial Assistance available at Miami Dade College. The College participates in the U.S. Department of Education's Title IV Federal Student Assistance Programs, the State of Florida Scholarship and Grant Programs. In addition, the College provides Foundation and Institutional grants and scholarships to students who qualify. Programs include:
Students interested in financial assistance from the College should complete the FAFSA by March 15 each year (for priority consideration), and provide the College with all requested supplemental documentation within two weeks upon request. Eligibility for Financial Assistance varies, based on the type of aid provided. The Federal and State Financial assistance eligibility requirements are regulated by these respective entities, with specifics found on their websites. 
The College distributes Financial Assistance to students based on a combination of factors, which include, student's financial need, availability of funds, timing of the application, compliance with satisfactory progress standards, enrollment status and other factors on an individual basis. See the Campus Financial Aid Office for additional requirements. Students have the right to appeal the College's decision to withhold Federal Funds. The student may secure an appeal form from the Campus Financial Aid Office, complete the form, provide supporting documentation, and return to the Financial Aid Office for review by the Campus Financial Aid Appeal Committee. See the Campus Financial Aid Office for additional details. 
Financial Aid will be disbursed to students at the beginning of the term, within two weeks after the published "last date to register or make schedule changes for the term." Thereafter, the College disburses on a weekly basis, except during periods on non-enrollment, and recess periods. See the Campus Financial Aid Office for additional details. Students interested in applying for Federal Loans are required to complete a Loan Request Form The student will be required to attend a Loan Entrance Conference session prior to the Loan being processed. 
At the Loan Entrance Counseling, the student will be advised of the financial obligation they are making, and that the loan must be repaid, when, the interest rate, and other options they have regarding repayment, deferments, and consequences of defaulted loans. Students who discontinue enrollment graduate, or drop below one-half time enrollment status are required to attend a Loan Exit Conference. This conference is designed to assist the student in understanding the consequences of being out of a deferred status, and that repayment will ensue, unless the student return to a deferred status (enrolled at least one-half time in a eligible program). 
Both the Entrance and Exit Conferences are documented in writing, and requires the student's signature (when available). Students may be eligible to receive Title IV Financial Assistance for participating in a school sponsored Study Abroad program. Please see your Campus Financial Aid Office for more details.
Student Financial Assistance Programs requires the College to Return Federal Funds for students who fail to earn the full amount disbursed, due to early and complete withdrawal, or when students fail to attend classes for which they register. When either of these situations occurs, the College is required to perform calculations to determine the amount of funds earned by the student, and the amount to be returned to the Department of Education. Once the calculations are made, the College returns a portion of the unearned funds it received on behalf of the student, and also returns the student's portion as well.
The College will notify the student when a return is performed, and depending on the amount being returned, the student may be billed for any outstanding obligations created by the student for failing to earn Title IV Funds, for which Federal Funds were disbursed. Additional information regarding the Return of Title IV Funds process should be addressed with the Campus Financial Aid Office. The specific amounts calculated for return, under this procedure, should be addressed with the Student Financial Services office.
General Information about the School is available on the College's Website. Additionally, information about the College will be made available to students, upon request, at or will be facilitated by the Office of the Dean of Students (DOS) on each campus. Institutional information available to students includes, but is not limited to, the following:
For more details regarding the College, its mission, academic programs, and services, please visit the MDC website. Further, the Office of the Dean of Students, on each campus, can also assist you in obtaining the requested information.
Access consumer-related resources 
 Single Stop offers students a wide array of services including benefits screening, free tax preparation, financial coaching, Food Pantry for Students and health insurance assistance. Find out more here.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
