The School of Engineering and Technology has multiple opportunities for high school students to engage in exciting courses and activities while helping them define their careers.
Miami Dade College (MDC) has  partnered with the City of Miami and Mater Academy to establish a new tech-focused  charter high school, Miami Tech Mater Innovation Academy, located at the  Wolfson Campus.  This partnership  provides students with access to advanced technology programs that lead to  in-demand tech jobs in the areas of computer programming, software development,  and cloud computing.  Students attending  this high school will have the opportunity to engage and interact with Miami  Dade College faculty and earn an Associate in Science degree in Cloud Computing  or Computer Programming - Mobile Applications as well as industry recognized  certifications.  For additional  information including the application, admissions, and eligibility process,  please visit the Miami Tech High School Webpage.
               
Our dual enrollment program provides an opportunity for high school students to enroll and earn college credit in Engineering and Technology courses such as Cloud Computing, Computer Programming, Cybersecurity, Data Analytics, Mechatronics and Electronics Engineering.
Learn more about dual enrollment
Join us for an exciting exploration of technology with our EnTec Summer Camps! Tailored for high school students between 9th and 12th grade (ages 14 to 17), our one-week camps provide an immersive experience in the world of technology. Whether you're a budding coder, aspiring engineer, or tech enthusiast, our programs offer a unique blend of learning and fun—all at no cost to participants.  Learn more or apply. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
