Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.S.) in Clinical Laboratory Science is designed to accommodate the unique demands of clinical laboratory professionals in the health science industry. Upon completion of the program and the attainment of certification and license, medical laboratory scientists are employed in a variety of health-care settings as laboratory technologists.
View additional program information
Student Handbook

Employment for Medical Laboratory Technologist is projected to grow 12 percent from 2018 to 2026, faster than the average for all healthcare occupations. 
The rapid advancement of knowledge in the field of medical laboratory science is required for the growing need of highly skilled and knowledgeable clinical laboratory scientists. Employment is found in hospitals, physician’s offices, research facilities, private and public health laboratories, industrial quality control, veterinary clinics, pharmaceutical laboratories, and sales and health care equipment.
Medical Laboratory Scientists work with pathologists and other laboratory professionals in performing and analyzing laboratory testing used for diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease. 
The Bachelor of Applied Science (B.A.S.) in Clinical Laboratory Science is a blended- online MLT to MLS program. The MLT to MLS program expands upon the Associate of Science in Laboratory Sciences curriculum.

Upon completion of the program and the attainment of certification and license, 
          medical laboratory scientists are employed in a variety of health-care settings as laboratory 
          technologists with the opportunity of upward mobility to supervisory and management positions. 
          This concentration prepares students for positions in job roles such as:
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
