Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Computer Crime Investigation Associate in Science degree is designed to fill a growing need for information  security specialists. This program offers a sequence of courses that provides  coherent and rigorous content aligned with challenging academic standards and  relevant technical knowledge. Students are taught the skills needed to prepare for further education  and employment within the career cluster of Law, Public Safety and Security.                
This degree is designed to attract participants from the public safety industry throughout the State of Florida, the United States and abroad. The diversity of MDC's, School of Justice helps creates an atmosphere where participants have the opportunity to learn from and share ideas with other professionals. 
This interchange enhances the participant's skills in the art of cooperation, negotiation, compromise, and consensus. The program is designed to make certain that participants leave having established a network that will provide a resource from which they can seek assistance for organizational problems.

The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
A wide-range of classroom and hands-on training  provide the student with the knowledge to: 

Students who pursue this course of study may be employed in job roles such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
