Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Apply for Open Door. We will cover the cost of tuition, fees, exams, books, and more.
The Central Sterile Processing Technology Certificate Program provides students with the essential experience, knowledge and skills required to become integral members of a surgical team. 
Students are taught safe and efficient work practices to ensure that medical equipment and devices are sterilized, operational, and packaged for procedures. 
Their work ensures that patients avoid infections, and that doctors, nurses and allied health professionals can gain access to instrumentation and equipment needed to conduct procedures. 
The C.S.P.D.T. certification exam 
This program takes 8 months (2 semesters)
The Central Sterile Processing Technology Program is a Career Technical Education Certificate program that is a one to two semester course of study requiring 21.66 CTE credits (650 contact hours). Courses are offered mainly in the evening; there may also be a few morning offerings.

The Central Sterile Processing Technology Program provides learning experiences that enable the student to acquire and assimilate the essential skills to become integral members of a surgical team. This program is highly demanding, and students are therefore more successful if they do not work while in the program. If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week. Students should also consider family responsibilities before committing to a full-time accelerated program.

To facilitate the clinical portion of the program, students are assigned to a clinical facility within Miami-Dade County. Students are responsible for their own transportation to the campus and to various agencies in the community to which they are assigned for clinical experiences. Students enrolled in the clinical portion of the program are required to complete the Miami Dade College Student Health Record and criminal background check process. Areas of study in this program include:

Students who pursue this course of study may be employed in job roles such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Apply  to earn six (6) College Credits towards a degree in Surgical Technology. 

  For more information, visit our industry certification page. 

Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
