Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Business Intelligence Professional College Credit Certificate prepares students with workforce skills and provides an accelerated credential that is useful for immediate employment and career experience.  
MDC also offers students the option to pursue advanced career opportunities in this area by  continuing with an associate degree in Business Intelligence and a baccalaureate degree in Data Analytics or Information Systems Technology. Additionally, this certificate will prepare students for the Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE): Business Intelligence certification.
This certificate program requires fewer credits than an A.S. degree and functions as an entry-level credential when entering the workforce. College credits granted with this certificate apply toward a related A.S. degree. Students may stack credentials to advance toward a higher degree level. 
Graduates of the CCC in Business Intelligence acquire a skill-set that leads to producing financial and market intelligence by querying data repositories and generating periodic reports; devising methods for identifying data patterns and trends in available information sources; analyzing competitive market strategies through analysis of related product, market, or share trends; and synthesizing current business intelligence or trend data to support recommendations for action.

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
