Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
 The  Mission of Miami Dade College is to change lives through the opportunity of  education.        As  democracy’s college, MDC provides high-quality teaching and learning  experiences that are accessible and affordable to meet the needs of our diverse  students and prepare them to be responsible global citizens and successful  lifelong learners. The College embraces its responsibility to serve as an  economic, cultural and civic beacon in our community.
 The mission of the School of Health  Sciences is to provide excellent, affordable, accessible health care education,  and to promote quality health care services throughout the community.       
The  Mission of the Surgical Technology Program at Miami Dade College is to provide  a comprehensive, sequential curriculum in Surgical Technology. The curriculum  was built on the foundation of the general education already acquired, and to prepare entry-level Surgical Technologists who are competent in the cognitive (knowledge), psychomotor (skills), and affective (behavior) learning domains to enter the profession.
The  goals of the Surgical Technology Program are:
The surgical technology program is required to verify through the surgical rotation documentation the students' progression in the scrub role in surgical procedures of increased complexity as he/she moves towards entry-level graduate competency.
While it is understood that no program is able to control surgical case volume or the availability of various surgical specialties, it is the responsibility of the program to provide students with a diversified surgical rotation experience.
No information in this document prevents programs from exceeding the minimum established by the Surgical Rotation Case Requirements.
Students must complete a minimum of 120 cases as delineated below.
A student must complete a minimum of 30 cases in General Surgery.
A student must complete a minimum of 90 cases in various surgical specialties, excluding General Surgery.
This program is  competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
      Step 1: Apply to MDC as a Associate in Science Adult Vocational Student. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or  haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami  Dade College application.
Step 2: Visit Medical  Campus Program Requirements web page to submit program application. 
Introduction to Healthcare (HSC 0003) Waiver Process
      Under certain conditions you may be eligible to apply for an exemption.
      Questions About This or Other Programs at the Medical Campus?
      Call 305-237-4141 or email: madvisement@mdc.edu.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
