Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Supply chain management is an interdisciplinary field that emphasizes cross-functional integration of diverse business functions, facilities, and activities and seeks to manage those activities to enhance a company’s competitive advantage. The Bachelor of Applied Science with a major in Supply Chain Management (BAS-SCM) with a concentration in Project Management, is designed to provide knowledge of the supply chain while exploring the risks, operations, logistics, economics, regulatory issues, change management, forecasting, resource allocation, production planning, inventory management, customer delivery, after-sales support and service and other functions basic to business with particular emphasis in Project Management. 
Most every organization will utilize Project Management skills. 
Qualified Project Managers earn above average starting salaries. 
Graduates will be equipped to take the PMP Certification and Google Project Management. 
Organization, Planning, Leadership and Communication Skills. 
The Bachelor of Applied Science (BAS) in Supply Chain Management with a concentration in Project Management is a degree program that focuses on developing the skills and knowledge needed to manage complex supply chain projects. Students in this program learn how to plan, execute, and control projects that involve multiple stakeholders, resources, and timelines. The curriculum includes courses in:
 Students will gain hands-on experience through case studies and practical projects, which help them develop critical thinking and problem-solving skills. Graduates of this program are well-equipped to pursue careers in project management, supply chain management, logistics, and procurement across a variety of industries. They possess the skills and knowledge needed to lead teams and manage projects to ensure timely and cost-effective delivery of products and services. 

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
