Change Starts With You
Being a changemaker depends on what matters to you. Change can be big or small. It can happen in your immediate surroundings or on 
        a much larger scale. All you need to do is find a cause or an issue that inspires you and work to make positive change happen. 
Here’s a core set of attributes that will help you be an effective changemaker.
        How do you fare in these areas? Can you nurture these qualities in your everyday life and bring your best self to every situation? 
Changemaking at MDC takes you beyond the classroom to deepen your learning. 
        There are many different ways to get involved with changemaking here – you just 
        need to start somewhere.  Here are some easy ways to begin (or continue!) 
        your changemaking journey: 
Become a Civic Ambassador and help lead 
              important efforts for civic engagement across the College 
              or use our Civic Action Scorecard as a guide to getting more 
              involved in all aspects of our community life
Work with other students interested in climate action and help our
              communities become more sustainable by 
              joining the YES! Club on your campus
Collaborate with your campus IMPACT team and represent the student voice as a Changemaking Student Ambassador.
Visit the MDC Changemaker Hub and search for “changemaking” opportunities.
Throughout the year, we will offer various unique opportunities for students to engage with social impact, whether in the form of boot camps, hackathons, or leadership programming. If interested in learning more, please contact Sandra LaFleur at Slafleur@mdc.edu
Explore internships with a 
              social impact angle through MDC Works, or apply for a paid position with local  nonprofits through the Civic Leadership Fellows program. 
Register today for ENT 1501: “Fundamentals of Changemaking and Social Innovation” Offered with no prerequisites and open to all majors!
Take courses  with faculty who are engaged with changemaking – contact the iCED or EEI team on your campus for more information!
Nelson Rubio
                Hialeah Campus 
Elcira Morales
                Homestead Campus 
Amanda Ibarra
                Student Ambassador
              Kendall Campus 
Julissa Rojas 
            Medical Campus 
Emily Schraer 
                Student Ambassador, District
                North Campus 
Barbara Silvera Ramirez 
              Eduardo J. Padrón
Rafael Moya 
                West Campus 
Isabella Cunningham 
                Student Ambassador, District                
                Wolfson Campus
Learn more about previous Changemakers.
Submit a MDC student profile here.
Visit the Changemaker Hub and jump right in.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
