Transferring  credits to Miami Dade College allows your previous academic study, examination, or career experience to be evaluated for possible college credit.
Official transcripts from each institution attended are required for all degree-seeking  students. Failure to submit all official transcripts may result in loss of  eligibility and removal of financial aid awards. Non-degree-seeking students are  not required to submit transcripts and are not eligible for federal financial  aid. Please be aware that transcripts submitted after your financial aid has  been processed could result in loss of eligibility or removal of your awards,  including prior year(s) aid.
Credit may be earned for courses taken at regionally accredited colleges and universities in the United States as well as accredited foreign colleges and universities. Courses may be accepted from nationally accredited institutions if they participate in the Florida Statewide Course Numbering System (SCNS). MDC does not award credits for coursework taken on  a non-credit basis.
College  credit may be awarded for noncredit coursework through prior learning  assessment when the curriculum has been reviewed by faculty and determined to  be substantially the same as college credit coursework.  Prior learning  assessment procedures are developed to establish the noncredit-to-college  credit equivalencies and are codified in the MDC Technical Manual of  Procedures. 
Students can earn college credit for industry certifications  at MDC. 
On-the-job and corporate training can be applied toward a degree through  articulation agreements or other evaluations.  
Transcripts should be mailed directly from institution to institution, or sent electronically by a third party  through systems such as E-script or Parchment. Hand carried transcripts will not be accepted. You must request a separate official transcript from each institution you have attended in the past. Transcripts must be sent to: 
A  student that previously had transfer credits evaluated at MDC and has not  earned a certificate or degree from MDC may have their transcript re-evaluated  upon request of the student or a College official. Requests should be sent to EvaluationServices@mdc.edu
All previous enrollment are considered when calculating  academic progress, including periods in which you did not receive federal financial assistance. Transfer credits that are accepted toward your program of  study will also be considered in the calculation of your academic progress.  Official College Transcripts must be submitted to the college and evaluated  before academic progress is calculated. Visit our Standards of Academic Progress Policy page for more information.
A transcript is evaluated using the incoming institution's Course Catalog to find the descriptions to issue direct equivalencies. Whenever it is not possible to give a direct equivalent to a course offered at Miami Dade College, a general elective will be awarded instead. These general electives can be substituted if approved by the academic department.
General Elective Equivalencies: 
Students who disagree with the College’s decision regarding credit earned at a prior institution may request a re-evaluation from the Evaluator. Students requesting an appeal may be asked to provide appropriate material to support their cases, such as the course description or syllabus.
 Only the degree and applicable courses towards their current program will be posted once a student has earned a higher degree (A.A. or higher). Therefore, students who have received a higher degree must select a program other than an A.A. degree.
A course substitution is a process by which a course completed by a student may be used to satisfy program requirements for graduation in place of a different course specified in the degree program towards graduation.
Note: Substitutions granted by Miami Dade College may not be transferable to other institutions.
If you attended a college or university outside the U.S.  you may be eligible to transfer credits to Miami Dade College. All foreign transcripts must be submitted with all the requisite seals  and apostilles from the foreign country's Ministry of Education. 
You must submit the original transcripts to the Admissions and Registration office at your home campus.
View the list of NACES and AICE member agencies. Credential evaluations are not free, and students are responsible for the cost of the selected service.
Student's permanent record and on the student's official College transcript as earned credit only.
  There will be no indication of grades or quality points and  duplicate credit is not awarded (State Rule  6A-10.024 (8). Students may earn college credit based on obtaining a  specified minimum score on nationally standardized examinations. 
Due to the high volume of AP examinations received from the  months of May to August, please allow additional wait time for processing and  evaluation. 
  For a list of acceptable exams and equivalency please visit  our Testing  & Assessment Department website to review  the Articulation charts.
  To inquire about a test already submitted, please fill out  the Test Entry Request form  to request to have a test record entered in MDC system.
Miami Dade College awards credits for military courses and occupations  completed by Active-Duty Service members and veterans.
  Each branch of service provides transcripts for current and former  service members that include individual military education, training, and  experience, which are recommended for college credit by American Council on  Education (ACE). Miami Dade College uses the minimum scores, credits, and guidelines for awarding credits for courses taken and occupations held by service members during their service in the military established by the State of Florida's Articulation Coordinating Committee (ACC). Review the list of eligible courses here. 
You can request your official transcript via:
If you have completed two years of a foreign language  (including sign language) or higher in high school you must see your academic  advisor in order to waive this requirement. 
  Note: Students do not receive college credits for foreign  language taken in high school.
Contact Us
Monday - Thursday 
                    8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. 
                    Friday 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. 
Transcript Processing Services Office
                    Telephone: (305) 237-2701 Email: transcriptservices@mdc.edu
Evaluation Services Office
                      Telephone: (305) 237-0440  
                      Email: evaluationservices@mdc.edu

Your feedback is important to us. Please take a moment to let us know how we're doing.
Take the Survey
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
