Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Over the course of 50 years, MDC has admitted more than 2 million students and formed the nation’s most diverse student body. Despite our size, we take pride in the personal attention and sense of community that you will experience at any of our eight campuses. MDC’s academic programs offer a range of degree pathways that prepare you to enter the modern workforce or pursue higher educational goals.
REQUIRES in-person attendance
DOES NOT REQUIRE in-person attendance
Learn about ways to attend classes
The Honors College at MDC is a challenging and rigorous program of study that draws top high- school graduates in the region. Students earn an Associate in Arts degree, with Honors, and continue on to the finest colleges and universities in the nation.
Visit the Honors College website for more information.
Safety continues to be a top priority at MDC. We offer learning modalities that range from real-time virtual classes, 
                    to fully online classes at your own pace, to in-person instruction on campus or, a blend of all three. 
                    Explore the various options with MDC Live, MDC Online, MDC Blended and MDC In-person.  
                
Find out more about our learning options, enroll at MDC and register for classes, all in one place: 
Learn More 
Fulfilling personal goals or expanding skills and knowledge is possible through a full range of non-credit programs at the School Continuing Education & Professional Development
MDC's Registered Apprenticeship Program is a combination of classroom instruction and work-based learning - under the guidance of a journeyworker – where apprentices learn the practical and theoretical aspects of a highly skilled occupation.
Get workforce ready. Gain new skills or grow your current ones. MDC’s range of options include rapid credentials, professional licensure and corporate training. Learn more about our academic schools and their programs.
Many academic programs lead to a state licensure. This information can change depending on the program and the state where a student plans to seek employment. The following link provides information on licensure by state as of March, 2022.

Get a jump start on your future with these innovative and dynamic programs tailored for high school students. Find out about dual enrollment, career pathways, credit by examination, scholarships and more. We’ve also created a webpage just for your high school so you can contact your pre-college advisor and learn about opportunities at MDC.
SAS is a nationally recognized collegiate high school of excellence. Students complete their last two years of high school while attending MDC.  The opportunity for acceleration and enrichment attracts motivated and academically talented students. SAS takes pride in its family-like environment, small school setting, and focus on a quality education.
NWSA is Florida's premier center of excellence in the visual and performing arts. NWSA offers a solid artistic program headed by some of the finest award winning faculty members recognized world wide. Our programs are cutting-edge, stimulating and rich with the ethnic and cultural diversity that represents artistic trends globally.
Prior academic studies and work experience may be used to earn college credit and accelerate your progress through MDC.
Complete Your Associate Degree in Just One Year. Choose from:
Miami Dade College is institutionally  accredited and meets the educational standards of the Department of Education, just like many of the nation’s most respected universities and colleges.
Your MDC education is a distinct advantage when you transfer to a four-year college.
Stay with us and enroll in one of our Bachelor’s degree programs. Talk to an advisor and plan your next steps.
Registration is currently in progress.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
