Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
To be eligible to continue to the discipline courses in the NMT Program at the Medical Campus, you must meet these criteria:
BSC 2085
Human Anatomy and Physiology I
3 credits
BSC 2085L
Human Anatomy and Physiology Lab I
1 credit
BSC 2086
Human Anatomy and Physiology II
3 credits
BSC 2086L
Human Anatomy and Physiology Lab II
1 credit
CHM 1033
Chemistry for Health Science
3 credits
CHM 1003 L 
Chemistry for Health Science Lab 
1 credit
ENC 1101
English Composition I
3 credits
MAC 1105
College  Algebra
3 credits
PHY 1004*
Physics with Applications
3 credits
** The following courses (i.e., CLP 1006, PHI 2604, SPC 1017) can be completed while in program.
Application Deadline: May 1 each year for August (Fall Semester) start
Because there may be a greater number of qualified applicants for the NMT Program than can be accommodated, program personnel have established selection criteria. Once applicants have met the basic admission requirements of applying and transcripts, they will be given priority for admission according to the following:
The program currently accepts 16 candidates per year.  The process above is followed in evaluating each applicant until the class is filled.  A back-up list is formulated through this process in the event that slots will need to be filled due to accepted students declining admission. 
    When an applicant’s candidacy is being evaluated, all of these criteria will be considered. For instance, a less-than-perfect grade point average may be counterbalanced by completion of all non-NMT courses with no repeats on final grades below a C or due to a withdrawal. Applicants who are not selected are encouraged to consider the above criteria and may reapply for admission with a subsequent class of students. 

    Miami-Dade County applicants with all the non NMT general education courses (terms 1 & 2) completed and with the highest GPA in these courses will be given priority.
    Students begin the Nuclear Medicine Technology Program in Fall term of each year. A total of 75 credits must be completed for this degree. Course content is sequential, and students must plan to enroll in all NMT courses in the order and during the terms indicated in the following curriculum outline. The program currently accepts 16 candidates per year.

    To be considered for an exemption, program applicants must provide one of the following:

    All students must provide a current CPR card for Health Professionals and HIV/OSHA certificate.  All Applicants must complete HSC 0003 prior to being considered for admission to the program (or show proof of waiver)

Selection for an interview
    Students are selected for an interview once all admission requirements are met. Students who receive notification of an interview should respond within 48 hours or risk the chance of not securing a spot. 



This program is  competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
      Step 1: Apply to MDC. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or  haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami  Dade College application.
Step 2: Visit Medical  Campus Program Requirements web page to submit program application. 
Introduction to Healthcare (HSC 0003) Waiver Process
      Under certain conditions you may be eligible to apply for an exemption.
      Questions About This or Other Programs at the Medical Campus?
      Call 305-237-4141 or email: madvisement@mdc.edu.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
