Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Physician Assistant professional phase (in program) consists  of 80 credits: 55 credits in the didactic or first year, 25 credits in the  clinical or second year. The Master’s degree through NSU is an additional 37  credits which consist of 9 MDC transfer credits and 28 NSU credits. MDC BAS PA  students admitted under the MDC/NSU affiliation Agreement will receive a twelve  percent (12%) discount of the then prevailing (published) tuition rate. The  discount does not apply to course materials, textbooks, or student service  fees. 
        Information about NSU graduate tuition rates for the M.H.Sc. can  be found on Nova's official degree website.  Students may also contact NSU  directly at 800-541-6682 for questions regarding tuition and or financial aid  associated with the M.H.Sc. degree.
View MDC's general tuition and fees structure
*Seat Deposit will cover the following: HIPPA, OSHA, Domestic Violence, Pinning Ceremony, White Coat, FAPA, AAPA, and miscellaneous lab supplies.
Miami Dade College (MDC) Tuition and Fees
Nova Southeastern University (NSU) Cost of Attendance (COA)
Criminal Background screens cost is an approximation as vendors may vary based on clinical site requirements.
Students should estimate an additional miscellaneous cost: 10,000.00.
If applying for financial aid through the MDC/NSU Master’s program please visit  website. All students at the Medical Campus are encouraged to apply for financial aid, which includes the Federal Pell Grant, Federal Supplemental Grant, Federal Work-Study, and Federal Subsidized loans. The Campus also offers a variety of scholarships. Students can visit the Financial Aid Office (Room 1201) on the Medical Campus for more details. Those who apply before April 1st for the following academic year are given priority. Only courses in which students have registered before the 100 percent refund date qualify for financial aid. For additional information, call the Financial Aid personnel at 305-237-4160.
Due to the nature of the PA program and the established sequence of courses, eligibility for financial may vary. 
** Students should be prepared to pay the first semester's tuition in the event that financial aid is delayed or financial aid is not available.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
