Home / Allison Miller

            SPRING 2024
            Wednesday, January,  17
            Noon
            Wolfson Auditorium, Room 1261.
Watch the Livestream
New York City-based drummer/composer/teacher Allison Miller engages her deep roots in improvisation as a vehicle to explore all music. Described by critics as a “modern jazz icon in the making,” Miller won Downbeat’s 67th Annual Critics Poll for Rising Star Drummer and Jazz Times’s 2019 Critics Poll for Best Jazz Drummer. Boom Tic Boom, Miller’s longtime band, won the Jazz Journalists Association’s 2019 award for Best Mid-Sized Ensemble. Her composition Otis Was a Polar Bear is included on NPR’s list of The 200 Greatest Songs by 21st Century Women+. 
Miller, a three-time Jazz Ambassador for the U.S. State Department and Monterey Jazz Festival Artist-in-Residence alumna, has released five albums with Boom Tic Boom. Their most recent release, Glitter Wolf, was met with critical acclaim.  
Miller also focuses on collaborations and works as a side-musician. She teaches at the New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music (where she is a Melba Liston Fellow) and at workshops/camps around the globe. Miller is also a contributor to the groundbreaking book New Standards: 101 Lead Sheets by Women Composers, and proudly endorses Yamaha drums, Zildjian cymbals, Vic Firth sticks, Evans drumheads and Sunhouse percussion. 
All concerts are free and open to the public. Live performances will take place at Wolfson Campus Auditorium, 300 N.E. Second Ave., Miami, FL 33132. Building 1, Room 1261. All performances will be livestreamed, except for those occurring on Tuesdays.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
