Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
To request  a milestone review, you must have  completed the courses below with a grade of “C” or higher or be currently  enrolled in them. Students currently enrolled in these requirements must complete them by the start of  the Fall semester.
Top priority is given to students that have  completed all of the required general education and science courses by the target review date (May 1).  GPA is also a factor in the selection process.
Required Courses
Students seeking admission to the program must demonstrate competency in civic literacy. The civic
  literacy requirement has 2 components (civic course and exam) which can be satisfied in two ways
For more information on meeting Florida Civic Literacy please visit Florida Civic Literacy Exam
Students enrolled in the clinical portion of the program are required to complete the Miami Dade College Student Health Record and criminal background check process.
Successful completion of the MDC level two background check process or completion of a MDC nursing/health sciences program does not guarantee a graduate’s eligibility for participation in the professional credentialing process or for related employment. Credentialing agencies and health care employers may have additional eligibility criteria not required by an educational institution. Individuals who have been arrested or convicted for any crime are strongly urged to inquire directly of the licensing board in the jurisdiction in which they intend to practice.
The Veterinary Technology Program provides learning experiences that enable the student to acquire and assimilate the necessary technical competencies to function effectively as a supportive health care provider in the profession. In keeping with its mission and goals, and in compliance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Medical Campus promotes an environment of respect and support for persons with disabilities and will make reasonable accommodations
                
This program is  competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
      Step 1: Apply to MDC. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or  haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami  Dade College application.
Step 2: Visit Medical  Campus Program Admission web page to submit program application. 
Introduction to Healthcare (HSC 0003) Waiver Process
      Under certain conditions you may be eligible to apply for an exemption.
      Questions About This or Other Programs at the Medical Campus?
      Call 305-237-4141 or email: madvisement@mdc.edu.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
