Already a teacher? MDC SOE offers certification, recertification, and endorsement courses. Visit the Center for Professional Development.
Miami Dade College School of Education (MDC SOE) is comprised of three departments: Early Childhood Education, K-12 Teacher Education Programs, and the Center for Professional Development. Hallmarks of our programs include a focus on educational neuroscience and how the brain learns, research-based best practices in teaching and learning, focus on social-emotional learning, extensive clinical experience that bridges theory and practice, and an infusion of technology. Our dedicated faculty represent hundreds of years of teaching experience at all levels. Nearly 100% of our 2014-2015 academic degree completers found employment.
The Early Childhood Education (ECE) Department offers courses for students planning to work with young children, one of the fastest-growing professions in the United States today, with an expectation of more than 100,000 jobs over the next 10 years. MDC SOE offers a complete career ladder in ECE beginning with articulation agreements with Miami-Dade County Public Schools for the Early Childhood Professional Certificate, three College Credit Certificates, courses leading to the Florida Child Care Professional Credential (FCCPC) and/or the National Child Development Associate (CDA), Director Credential courses, credential renewal courses, Associate in Arts, four NAEYC-accredited Associate in Science degrees, and a Bachelor of Science in Early Childhood Education (Birth-Grade 3).
The K-12 Teacher Education programs prepare students to become highly qualified and highly effective teachers. MDC SOE graduates teach across the world, but most teach for Miami-Dade County Public Schools or other Miami-Dade County schools. The Florida Department of Education’s common prerequisite courses are offered as part of the Associate in Arts (A.A.) program. Completion of the A.A. degree allows for full articulation into MDC SOE’s teacher education baccalaureate degree programs or to any state university.
Our K-12 state-approved Teacher Education programs are baccalaureate degrees in education that lead to Florida teacher professional certification. We offer four concentrations:
Our programs are designed with the working student in mind. The Center for Professional Development is home to the Education Preparation Institute, an alternative pathway to teacher certification which offers:
Information on the Florida Teacher Certification Examination, E-Portfolio Support, support services and Financial Aid.
Additional Information on:
Padrón Campus Room 6021-44, 305-237-6203
Kendall Campus Room R243, 305-237-2616
North Campus Room 2256, 305-237-1433
Email: soeadvisement@mdc.edu
