Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Mission of Miami Dade College is to change lives through the opportunity of education.
                As democracy’s college, MDC provides high-quality teaching and learning experiences that are accessible and affordable to meet the needs of our diverse students and prepare them to be responsible global citizens and successful lifelong learners. The College embraces its responsibility to serve as an economic, cultural and civic beacon in our community.
The Mission of Medical Campus is to provide students with affordable, accessible, quality education in health care careers. Faculty and staff strive to respond to the changing needs of students, health care providers, and health care consumers in the community at large through collaboration with health care and business communities. The Campus provides an environment that is conductive to learning by recognizing and responding to the diverse learning styles, cultures, and resources of its students. 
The Mission of the School of Health Sciences is to provide excellent, affordable, accessible health care education and to promote quality health care services in our community.

The Mission of the  Radiology Program is to provide the community with employable radiographers.  Graduates of the program will be:
 Miami Dade College has adopted the General Education Outcomes listed  below.  Upon completion of a program of study at the Medical Campus,  graduates from Miami Dade College should emulate these outcomes.
Goal #1:  Students will be clinically competent
                  Student Learning Outcomes:
                  1. Students will demonstrate adequate positioning skills.
                  2. Students will select adequate technical Factors.
Goal #2:  Students will demonstrate communication skills. 
                  Student Learning Outcomes:
Goal #3:  Students will develop critical thinking skills
                  Student Learning Outcomes:
Goal #4: Student will model professionalism
                  Student Learning Outcomes:
Goal #5:  Program Effectiveness
                  Outcomes:
In addition, the program evaluates and produces an annual Program Learning Outcome Report and College wide Student Learning Outcome Report using the Miami Dade College Learning Outcomes to ensure that the mission and the goals are appropriate.
The following is  the most current program effectiveness data. Our programmatic accreditation agency, the Joint Review Committee on Education  in Radiologic Technology (JRCERT), defines and publishes this information.
View information on credentialing examination, job placement and program completion.
For more information regarding program effectiveness data visit the JRCERT website at www.jrcert.org
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Step 1: Apply to MDC. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami Dade College application.
Step 2: Visit  Medical Campus Program Requirements web page to submit program application.
Step 3: Meet with a Medical Campus Advisor to discuss program  requirements and milestone checkpoints
Step 4: Visit Medical  Campus Program Requirements web page to request a  Milestone Review by the target deadline date.
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
