
                   Rebooting through EmTech Programs (REP) aims to increase the number of academically talented, minority, and low-income students obtaining bachelor’s degrees in the Emerging Technology (EmTech) disciplines such as data analytics/data science, cybersecurity, information systems technology and applied AI. 
                

                    The goal of REP is to prepare low-income students (with a focus on underrepresented populations such as women of color) for the workforce through upskilling and reskilling in EmTech fields. This goal will be addressed through the following objectives: 
                
Over a four-year period, the NSF S-STEM funds will support at least 60 MDC “REP Scholars” (20 students per EmTech discipline with scholarships and wrap around services toward preparing for the tech workforce. Enrolled scholars will take classes full-time and are expected to complete the program in two years and participate in supports that research has proven effective in promoting achievement among STEM/computing students.
REP Scholars will receive a scholarship up to $10,000 per academic year for two consecutive years (2024-2025 and 2025-2026) as follows: 
Application Available Now
Partial support for this work was provided by the National Science Foundation Scholarships in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (S-STEM) program under Award No. 2220260. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
