Step 1: Submit a PDF formatted copy of your  License or Certification and CPR Card from the American Heart Association to the School of Health Sciences for processing. The HSC Exemption Application Form and copies of credentials are to be submitted via email to hscinfo@mdc.edu.
Note: We only accept CPR cards from the American Heart Association. Copies of both front and back of CPR card are required. Please submit documents in a PDF format. Moreover, all email correspondence must come from the student MDC email account.
Please see below examples of professions that qualify for waiving HSC0003.
Please see below examples of professions that does not qualify for waiving HSC0003.
Step 2: A School of Health Sciences Student Services Assistant will verify submitted credentials and then deliver them to the Chairperson and the Dean of the School of Health Sciences for review. This process may take 14 -21 business days to complete.
Step 3: Once verification and signatures are completed, the approved HSC Exemption Application Form and the Equivalent College Credit Form will be forwarded (via Adobe Sign) to the student for signature.
Step 4: The completed HSC Exemption Application form and Equivalent College Credit Form will be forwarded to the Medical Campus Bursar's office. Please contact the bursar’s office at 305-237-9310 select option #4 (Medical Campus) to make the $15.00 payment. Once payment is completed, the receipt and approved HSC Exemption Application Form and the Equivalent College Credit Form will be sent to the student’s email, and the student can now proceed to the next step.
Step 5: The student must email (must be from the student MDC email account) the $15 receipt and the HSC Exemption Application (the application includes a copy of your license, Certification and CPR card) to evaluationservices@mdc.edu. Please make sure these documents are included before sending.
After 14-21 business days, the student can review his/her transcripts through the Student Portal using their MYMDC account to confirm that the exemption has been successfully processed. After the exemption is posted, entry on the transcript will display as HSC0995 -Introduction to Healthcare. In the event the exemption has not been processed after 21 business days, students can contact the Transcript Processing Services Office at 305-237-0440 to confirm status.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
