Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Accounting Technology Associate in Science (A.S.) program offers  opportunities to earn multiple credentials that help students find jobs quickly  while advancing both their academic and professional careers. The A.S. in  Accounting Technology allows students to gain valuable experience in this  in-demand field. 
Graduates of the Accounting program develop a strong, competitive  accounting foundation. Accounting and bookkeeping are essential functions of  any business. Experienced accounting professionals have a high degree of job  stability and are often top-tier salary earners. This A.S. allows for a  seamless transition into the Bachelor of Applied  Science in Supervision and Management with a Concentration in Accounting.              
The A.S. offers a choice of two track options, Accounting Clerk and Tax Specialist. These tracks, within the A.S. program, comprise two College Credit Certificates (CCCs), allowing students to earn additional credentials on their way to earning their A.S. degree, with no additional courses needed.
Some key courses included are:

Graduates of this program may find employment in a number of positions such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Get help on campus
305-237-8888
 Use Live Chat
Get direct help with admissions, registration, or any other questions you may have.Make an Appointment
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
