For 20 years, The Honors College has been internationally recognized by providing an enriched learning environment that prepares students to successfully transfer to top-tier institutions debt-free. Our Pathway to Greatness Continues….
Apply for Fall 2024 AdmissionsAPPLY NOW
Find out more and apply
Generous scholarships that result in refunds to jump start your savings plan for your transfer needs.
One-on-one mentoring/coaching by a dedicated director that knows your academic and career goals.
In 2021, our students received over 350 acceptances to top 50 institutions and were awarded over 4.6 million dollars in scholarships.
Opportunities to network with 4,000 plus active and engaged alumni.
Gain access to global seminars, study away programs, service learning and protocol training at no cost to enhance cultural competencies and build your leadership skills and abilities.
Progress and succeed together from day one with likeminded and high-achieving peers that creates lifelong connections that go beyond the classroom.
The Honors College at Miami Dade College is a learning community of some of the region's brightest
        students supported by the resources of the largest institution of higher learning in the country. Over a
        period of
        two
        years, you will build a network of lasting relationships that will inspire you to pursue your dreams. 
The Honors College encourages your personal growth while guiding you to define and reach your goals. It's a
        rigorous
        academic environment where your success depends on you, but you’ll never be alone. Classmates,
        advisors and
        instructors all work together to help you develop your greatest potential.
Upon being accepted, you will receive the Honors College Fellows Award, which covers all in-state tuition,
        fees and
        books. As a Fellow, you will have the flexibility to use other scholarships for living expenses and
        supplies, minimizing
        your need for debt and student loans.
View Manuel Marin's Story
 Manuel graduated with an AA in Mechanical Engineering and transferred to Johns Hopkins University.
View Alejandro Garcia's Story
 Alejandro graduated with an AA in Political Science and transferred to   Princeton University.
  Find MDC Honors on Facebook  
  Find MDC Honors on Instagram  
  Find MDC Honors on Linkedin  
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
