Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Game Development curriculum at Miami Animation and Gaming International Complex (MAGIC) allows students to immerse themselves in the study of entertainment technology, while still pursuing a broad-based education. 
The program has an emphasis on game programming, exposing students to a range of development and design processes. Students can further specialize in game design, production, game engines and systems, audio, graphics and animation, and Web and mobile applications. The degree is intended specifically for students who are interested in careers within the professional games industry or a related field, such as simulation, entertainment or visualization. This degree also provides students with a core computing education. Students will be mentored by industry professionals from world-renowned gaming studios while completing a game project. 
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
As part of this program, you’ll explore a wide range of areas

Employment opportunities for graduates  include:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
