Are you an MDC Online student who needs to take a test?
MDC Online courses require proctored midterm and/or final exams during specified testing dates. The course material will indicate the window of time students have to take the required proctored exams in each course.
MDC Online has a limited virtual testing center. Appointments are scheduled on a limited basis through the Remote Testing Request Form.
MDC Online courses require proctored midterm and/or final exams during specified testing dates. The course material will indicate the window of time students have to take the required proctored exams in each course.
ProctorU Student Checklist
Do not wait to schedule your appointment! Due to the increased demand for ProctorU services, you must schedule your ProctorU appointment as soon as possible as time slots will go quickly. If the desired appointment time is unavailable, you will need to choose a different available time slot. The ProctorU Support Team and MDC Online will not be able to override appointment times in the system.
ProctorU monitors students who take online exams by using webcams and screen-sharing technology. Students need a webcam with a microphone and a reliable, high-speed internet connection to use this service.
ProctorU requires the same proper identification as the MDC Testing Centers. Once you decide to take your proctored exam with ProctorU, visit and follow the steps listed in our ProctorU MDC Portal - Getting Started site to register and schedule your exam.
The cost of proctoring through ProctorU depends on the time the faculty allows for the test. Most MDC Online proctored assessments are scheduled for 2 hours and the cost of ProctorU would be in the range of $25. Students receive notification of actual costs before confirming their testing appointment with ProctorU.
The following are not supported by ProctorU:
Source: ProctorU
Out of area MDC Online students who reside outside of Miami Dade County may request to have an approved remote proctor to administer their tests. The request must be received by MDC Online prior to the submission deadline posted on the request form. Students are responsible for paying any costs that may be incurred (proctor fees, etc.).
Please follow these steps:
Your classmate, manager/supervisor, co-worker, relative, or friend is not a qualified proctor and cannot proctor your exams. Requests of this kind will be denied. 
Proctors must have an institutional/organizational/company email address. MDC Online will not send exam information and passwords to a free or residential email address; including, but not limited to: aol.com, bellsouth.net, att.net, verizon.net, sprint.net, hotmail.com, gmail.com, yahoo.com, ymail.com, and others.
Exams must be administered in an educational or professional environment, such as a classroom or the proctor's office. Any test proctored in a private residence will be deemed invalid. MDC Online proctored exams are computer exams; therefore, make sure that your proctor is able to administer computer-based exams.
Be sure to provide accurate contact information for your proctor, as well as accurate course information. Inaccurate or incomplete information may lead to a delay in approval and may result in your request being denied. You must submit your request before the posted deadlines to allow enough time to approve your proctor.
 MDC Online can deny a remote proctor request at its discretion.
For questions or assistance, please contact the MDC Online Student Support Center at 305.237.3800, or online@mdc.edu.
Schedule Now
Submit Satisfaction Survey
