Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Imagine getting paid for doing what you love: soaring above the Earth, traveling the world and encountering different cultures. Whether you work for a commercial airline or in any number of other situations, a career as a pilot will open the door to the rest of the world for you. 
The possession of a private pilot’s license is a requirement for admission into the Professional Pilot Technology Program.  Additional fees may be applied to cover costs associated with the Professional Pilot Technology program. Fees vary according to flight provider; however, they may be waived for for eligible veterans.    For further information Call 305-237-5900.
Students in this program can work toward obtaining their Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) certificate. As an FAA-regulated Certified Training Program (CTP), under Part 141, we will be authorized to certify graduates of our program with a restricted privilege ATP certificate. The standard FAA requisite is at least 1,500 hours, but with an Associate in Science degree from our School of Aviation, that number is reduced to 1,250 hours of flight training (pending approval). Students also have the option to add an air traffic control (ATC) specialization.
Flight Training Devices (FTDs) or simulators are an excellent way for students to build the skills and training needed in aerial maneuvering and management. They allot students the ability to practice Cockpit Resource Management (CRM), to perform advanced flight capabilities, and to experience different modalities of weather patterns affecting flight performance in a cost-effective, more efficient manner.
 Our modern, FAA-qualified simulator inventory includes both flight and tower technology. With licensed and trained professional instructors, our students are guided toward a path of success within the safety of a simulated, real-world environment. 
There are added fees associated for the Professional Pilot Technology associate degree that are used to cover the costs of flying, including but not limited to fuel, instructor, and hangar fees.
Students must obtain their FAA Medical Certificate before taking their first flight.
Material covered in this program includes:

Graduates of this program may pursue further studies and careers in these areas:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
