Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q. What is Emergency Medical Services?
A. Emergency Medical Services is the profession related to the care of the sick and injured in the pre-hospital environment. Within Emergency Medical Services training is provided that leads to state and national certification as a First Responder, Emergency Medical Technician, and Paramedic.  The Associate of Science in Emergency Medical Services represents the completion of the various levels of training and required general education requirements.

Q. When does the program start and what is the target review date for the program?
A. The program starts every semester.  Students wishing to enter the discipline classes of this program are advised to come to the Emergency Medical Services department located at the Medical Campus prior to program entry. It is highly recommended that students wishing to transfer training from other educational institutions meet with a representative from the Emergency Medical Services department before enrolling in any coursework to ensure transferability of previous training.

Q. What are the program requirements?
A. Students must have completed or be enrolled in paramedic training offered at an accredited degree granting institution

Q. What is the selection criteria?
A. Enrollment in the program is limited.  Students are selected based on the degree of paramedic training and GPA.

Q. . Can I progress towards discipline courses if I have not completed all of the general education and science courses?
A. The completion of the general education and sciences are not required to progress towards discipline courses in the program.  Students are encouraged to complete as many of these courses prior to entering the associate degree program.

Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. You will earn an Associate in Science degree in Emergency Medical Services in approximately two years.  

Q. What are the hours of the program?
A. The EMS related courses for degree completion are offered during the evening hours.  The general education and science classes are offered at various day and evening hours on any of the other campus of Miami Dade College.  The Medical Campus does not offer general education or science classes on campus.

Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
A. Employment is not encouraged but you should be able to work about 15- 20 hours per week without jeopardizing your course grades. Students must earn at least a final grade of a “C” or better to continue in the program.

Q. Do you assist with job placement after graduation?
A. The Medical Campus does not provide job placement.  Through the Career Center located in the New Student Center on the Medical Campus, graduates may review employment opportunities that have been forwarded to the Career Center. 

Q. Do I need to take a test to work in this profession after graduation?
A. For the completion of the Associate Degree in Emergency Medical Services there is no credentialing examination.  In order to work in the field of Emergency Medical Services, the completion of a state certification examination is required.

Q. What is the approximate annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. In the South Florida area, entry-level graduates from the EMT and paramedic program may expect to earn an annual salary of $21,000 to $36,000 if employed full-time in a hospital setting. This does not include a sign-on bonus, benefits or overtime.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
