Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q. What is a Pharmacy Technician?
A. Pharmacy technician is a pharmacy staff member who works under the direct supervision of a licensed pharmacist, and performs many pharmacy-related functions. Job duties may include giving medication and other health care products to patients, as well as working with third party and doctors' offices in resolving adjudication of patients' insurance or state program. Pharmacy technicians perform the routine tasks associated with preparing prescribed medication and providing drugs to patients. Licensed pharmacists check all medications before they go to the patient, and only pharmacists may counsel patients on the proper use of medications.

Q. When does the program start and what is the target review date for the program?
A. The program begins every Fall semester and Spring semester. Students can request a milestone review year-round.

Q. What are the program requirements?
A. To be eligible for the PharmacyTechnician program you must be a current student at Miami Dade College and submit a milestone review at the Program Requirements page. 

Q. What are the selection criteria?
A.  Enrollment in the program is limited. Meeting the program requirements does not guarantee progression to discipline courses. For this reason, following criteria are used to determine which students will progress:  

Q. Can I request a milestone review if I have not completed all of the general education and science courses?
A. Applicants must have a high school diploma or G.E.D.  There are no required general education or science courses.

Q. What kind of degree will I be awarded when I graduate?
A. Upon completion of the program you will receive a Career Technical Certificate.

Q. What are the hours of the program?
A. The theory courses for this program will be either daytime or evening. However, the clinical portion of the program is during regular daytime hours (usually Monday through Friday between 8am-5pm).


Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
A. This program is highly demanding, and students are therefore more successful if they do not work while in the program. If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week. Students should also consider family responsibilities before committing to a full-time accelerated program. 
Q. What is the approximate annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
A. In the South Florida area, entry-level graduates may expect to earn an annual salary of $21,000 - $29,000.00.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
