MDC SOE believes that our students must become lifelong learners and support students in this endeavor by offering Professional Development for Students while they are in program. Among the workshops have been the following:
Educational Neuroscience Training – Alongside the baccalaureate orientation, students participate in a workshop on Educational Neuroscience and the importance of social-emotional learning.
Training In Project CRISS – Creating Independence through Student-owned Strategies (CRISS) is a professional development workshop in which participants learn and experience modeled instructional practices that are necessary to facilitate self-directed learning.
Quickshares – “QuickShares” are presentations on a variety of topics by master, veteran M-DCPS teachers in a quick, informal format. Through QuickShares, MDC SOE preservice teachers develop a relationship with master teachers who continue to mentor MDC SOE students long after graduation.
Teaching The Holocaust – MDC SOE offers a full-day professional development workshop each semester for P-12 preservice teachers emphasizing the teaching of the Holocaust with best practices and award-winning literature and resources.
Archaeology And Mathematics – Archaeologists from the Florida Public Archaeology Network have teamed up with curriculum developers to put together a new STEM curriculum based on Florida archaeology called “Exploration: Archaeology.”
Master’s Fair – Each semester institutions of higher education are invited to present information on the master’s, specialists, and doctoral programs offered at each university. More than 50% of MDC SOE graduates hold master’s degrees.
Guest Speakers – MDC SOE has been fortunate to host many guest speakers who address our students: Mr. Alberto Carvalho, Superintendent of M-DCPS; Ms. Marie Izquierdo, Assistant Superintendent of M-DCPS; Dr. David Sousa, renowned educational neuroscientist; leaders from Miami Dade County Police force; M-DCPS leaders; and many others.
