This is an industry driven program that prepares students to work as creative professionals in the fashion industry. From concept to production, students learn the process, skills and language of fashion design and technology, combining business and creative skills to develop an individual portfolio that expresses a solid understanding of the fashion industry.
Courses are led by renowned faculty members who bring decades of real world experience into the classroom. MFI's instructors are artists, designers and business professionals who have worked with some of the most notable names in fashion including Calvin Klein, Diane Von Furstenberg, Jason Wu, Mara Hoffman, Marc Jacobs and Zac Posen.
Oscar Lopez serves as the Chairperson of Fashion Programs at Miami Fashion Institute.
Previously at Miami International University of Art & Design, he led the charge in aligning fashion curricula for eight campuses, showcasing his commitment to ensuring quality education for fashion students nationwide.
Beyond curriculum enhancement, Mr. Lopez fostered valuable industry relationships on both local and national fronts. Collaborating with renowned organizations such as Miami Fashion Week, FashInnovation, Paraiso Swim Week, New York Fashion Week, and Fashion Group International, he not only spoke and moderated at industry events but also opened doors for his students to directly engage with professionals and experts.
Oscar's dedication to education and talent development has earned him recognition, including his role as a former Regional Director and current District Director for Fashion Group International, where he oversees South Florida, Chicago, and St. Louis. During his tenure as Regional Director, he orchestrated high-profile events featuring industry leaders. His leadership led FGI South Florida to be awarded the National Programming Merit Award in 2019.
Prior to his career in academia, Mr. Lopez made his mark in the corporate world. With a background in Human Resources and Talent Acquisition, he contributed to Saks Fifth Avenue Corporate Office as the National Talent Acquisition and Planning Manager, where his insights and expertise resonated in support of the South Florida Market.
M.P.S. Fashion Management, Parsons School of Design
              M.A. Design and Media Management, Miami International University of Art and Design
              B.S. Psychology, Albizu University 
Born in Croatia, raised in Italy where I’ve played professional volleyball for more than 10 years. Driven by passion and curiosity, I decided to put aside my volleyball career and complete my BA in Fashion Design and Communication at NABA. After graduating I had the opportunity to work for NABA. For years, I oversaw the contests and special projects with companies, and events for the NABA Fashion programs. During those years I had the chance to work on numerous collaborations with some of the most influential Italian brands, artists, and designers such as Romeo Gigli, Benedetta Barzini, Angela Missoni, Shingo Sato, Max Mara, Etro, Pandora and many more. I eventually moved with my family to California where I worked in Retail Management as a Clothing Buyer for Men’s Wearhouse in the Suits and Sport Coats division. 

              In 2019 we moved to Miami, and shortly after joined the MFI Team. I love working with creatives, and I am passionate about helping them pursue their dreams, reach goals, and develop into successful designers and merchants. 
 BA  Fashion Design and Communication from NABA, New Academy of Fine Arts, Milan,  Italy.  
Born  in Colombia and Raised in Miami, I always had a penchant for art and design,  ultimately settling on fashion design to combine both my interests. I completed  my A.A. in New York while working under Benjamin Cho as a design assistant  and also with Kimora Lee Simons in NYC.  Later moving to London to attend Central  Saint Martin's College of Art and Design where I secured a BA Honours in  menswear and immediately accepted a position in the Masters program. While  living and studying in London I was lucky enough to work under the Alexander McQueen  fashion House as an intern.
After Graduating from CSM I moved back to NYC  to work under Phillip Lim and throughout my career I have been able to work  with many designers on a freelance basis.  I started my own fashion brand  and was shortlisted for GenArt's young designer award for my menswear  collection in NYC.
Later moving back to Miami, I guided my career  to education where I worked as fashion adviser to the fashion program at Miami  International University and now Joining MFI my passion for teaching can be  realized.  Although my true passion is menswear; throughout my career I  have been able to work with womenswear, graphic design, textile pattern design,  and digital illustration. As a Local, I aim to bring my national and  international education to our wonderful community. 
M.A. in Menswear Design, Central Saint Martins, London,  England
              B.A. (Honors) in Menswear Design, Central Saint Martins, London,  England
              A.A in Menswear Design, Fashion Institute of Technology, New  York City, New York
I have been working on developing my private label specialized in menswear and womenswear. My work is bespoke and expands to red carpets, stage performances, ballet, prom and wedding dresses. With a science background and more than 15 years of experience I own very strong technical skills, my patterns are precise, with very accurate proportions and fit. My goal is to train students' imagination and advanced understanding in the application of creative and interpretative skills required to translate designers' drawings into three dimensions. 
 Graduate of Central Saint Martin's Innovative Pattern Making Course
Following the completion of my M.B.A studies, I gained experience as a Freelance Fashion Colorist, Fashion Design, and Production Assistant for companies such as Liz Claiborne Inc., DKNY Jeans International, and Warnaco/Calvin Klein Jeans. Desirae extended her time abroad and traveled to countries such as Japan and South Africa; in addition, interning at Diane Von Furstenberg Studio in London as a Wholesale Sales Assistant. 
  M.B.A studies in International Business Administration in London, England. 
              B.A. in Fashion Design/Merchandising from Morris Brown College in Atlanta, Ga. 
 I’m a visual artist, teacher, and fashion design entrepreneur. I encourage my students to transcend beyond style, integrating correlative artistic disciplines in order to present their own distinct convictions. 
 I trained under the mentorship of artist Nick Cave, who’s vision asserts the vital interrelationship between the costumes we wear and the thorny cultural world we all navigate. I also believe that outside of the theatrical ephemera, fashion has the potential to transmute into a critical language that communicates a message to and from our time, a kinetic art-form with many layers of meaning and relevance to our sociology. 
 I want my design students to become empowered to tell profound stories through their work, whether they be personal, or comprehensive of the challenges encountering us as a global citizenry. Each student has a unique story and gift for humanity. My goal is to encourage their dreams and help them develop all the skills necessary to make them into thriving capable professionals. 
 MDes, Fashion, Body and Garment School of the Art Institute of Chicago 
              B.F.A, Fashion Design, School of the Art Institute of Chicago. 
 I have enjoyed three decades working in the business of apparel design and production. I attended design school in Chicago after which, my first and second jobs were as dancewear designer and pattern maker. Years later I moved to a large national department store chain as Technical Designer for Asian production across multiple markets. Eddie Bauer Int’l Americas offered me a Technical Design management position here in Miami working directly with the factories in South Africa and the Caribbean in private brand. 
 Post Corporate, I have taught for twelve years at many local institutions receiving training for teaching at the high school and university levels. I’m grateful to now be able to mentor and share with my students here at MFI. 
 ACUE Certified Instructor 
 B.A. from Ray College of Art, Chicago and the University of Wisconsin 
I have over 25 years of experience in the fashion industry in various positions. I started my career in the Intimate Apparel department of Lord & Taylor, and then went on to become a buyer for Saks Fifth Ave and a Divisional Merchandise Manager for Designer, Dresses and Coats and Suits at the late Bonwit Teller. I changed to the manufacturing side and became President of R & K Originals, a moderate dress company. After being in my own fashion business twice, I joined The Jump Design Group where I was President of the Marina brand and also V.P. of International Sales for all the Jump brands. I became the On-Air personality for Jump’s “Tiana B” brand for QVC in the U.K., Italy, and Germany, for TVSN in Australia, and even CNR Mall (a QVC partner) in China. Jump actually shipped U.S. made apparel TO China!
Along with teaching in New York at F.I.T. and L.I.M and now Miami Fashion Institute, I continue to be the On-Air guest for Tiana B in Canada at The Shopping Channel.
 M.A. Philosophy and the Arts, The New School
              B.A. Education/Art History, Queens College
 I graduated from Miami Dade College with a degree in Fashion Design in 1972. I then worked in the industry here in Miami for several years before moving to New York to further develop my craft. I worked as the premier(master) mans for some of the most important names in America's Fashion Industry: Zac Posen Jason Wu, Narciso Rodriguez, Isabel Toledo and Francisco Costa for Calvin Klein Collection among others. I'm now retired and love sharing my craft, learned over 45 years. 
A.S. in Fashion Design Miami Dade College. Premier Mans with 45 years of Experience
I started my career as a student at Parsons School of Design, in New York City, I had the opportunity to learn the disciplines of design, clothing construction and illustration from some of the most legendary names in the American fashion industry. Right after graduation, I opened my design studio, creating luxury ready to wear lines and exclusive bridal and evening gowns for a demanding global clientele, while also devoting time to a life-long passion; teaching and sharing my expertise in different educational institutions and art foundations throughout the U.S., Latin America and the Caribbean.
I strongly believe that a truly successful professor is a communicator who is capable of inspiring and motivating aspiring designers by leaving on them an indelible mark of honest work ethics and values, while nurturing their abilities and talents.
 ACUE Certified Instructor 
 B.F.A. Fashion Design, Parsons School of Design 
              Gold Thimble Award for Design Excellence.  
My introduction to the international fashion industry started at an early age in Europe. After transitioning into the buying world when I joined Macys Corporate Inc, I completely fell in love with retail and the business side of the fashion world. For the past 17 years, I have worked for numerous retailers in the southeast region and have held different positions such as fashion buyer, planner, senior buyer, fashion director, and consultant. I currently run my own retail consulting boutique where I help brands and retailers build and grow profitable businesses.
At a local level, I am the Downtown NEWS Business Correspondent. I focus on retail news, consumer trends, e-commerce, emerging brands, new retail developments, and more. My ultimate goal is to prepare my students to navigate the multi-faceted world of retail by bridging the gap between fashion and business.
 
M.B.A. International Business Florida International University
Certificate in Corporate Strategies for Europe EDHEC Business School Lille & Nice France
B.A. International Business and Marketing Florida International University
After receiving a BA in Journalism from Georgetown University in 2005, I revisited my childhood love for art and fashion when I enrolled in a costume design class at Boston University. When my sewing instructor recommended I enroll in the Master's of Science program at Drexel University, I considered it to be a call from the universe to pursue my lifelong passion. However, I took the year before starting my graduate degree to travel across the US as a costume attendant for the Ringling Bros Circus. I have worked as a technical designer for contemporary brands including Mara Hoffman, Tracy Reese and Vanilla Beach. 
 I have a strong affinity for the use of technology in creating fashion including Digital Illustration along with Patternmaking in CAD. Nevertheless, the love of art and fashion history is what drew me to this profession. My goal is to share that curiosity and interest in research with the MFI community. 
ACUE Certified Instructor
 Master's of Science in Fashion Design at Drexel University 
              BA in Journalism from Georgetown University 
Thank YOU for your support
 Founder & Creative Director, Parlor Miami 
 Artistic Director OCP USA, LLC 
 Owner, J.A. Uniforms 
 Founder Biba & Hu Design, Inc. 
 Stylist/Consultant, Founder Style Out of the City 
 Founder & Creative Designer Rene Ruiz Wholesale 
 Personal Stylist, Bloomingdales
 Fashion Designer Fashion with Intension 
 CEO & President Perry Ellis International 
 Designer 
 Vice President & General Manager Saks Fifth Avenue, Dadeland 
 Retired, Lead Fashion Instructor,Design and Architecture Senior High 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
