Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
An optician is a health care practitioner who works with clients requiring corrective lenses to improve a person’s vision. The optician designs, fits and dispenses lenses while using various ophthalmic appliances that will give the necessary correction to a person's eyesight.
To request a  milestone review to the daytime full-time and part-time program, you must have completed or be enrolled in ENC 1101 - English Composition 1 and MAC 1105 - College Algebra at the time of the request. However, the selection of students for progression to discipline courses is based on the number of required general education and natural science courses completed at the time of program selection. To request a milestone review for the part-time evening program, you must have completed the general education course or have an Associate of Arts or a Bachelor degree from an accredited university.
Because enrollment is limited in this program, selection criteria is based on the number of required general education courses completed at the time of program selection with top priority given to students that have completed all of the required general education courses. Additionally, GPA and Florida residency status are included into the selection process.
Yes, you can request a milestone review before completing these courses. However, selection is based on the number of courses completed. You are encouraged to complete all of the non-discipline courses to increase your chances of progressing to discipline courses.
The daytime full-time and part-time program discipline courses start in August of each year. The target review date is May 1st. The part-time evening program discipline courses start in January of each year. The target review date is September 1st.
The Program length is approximately seven (7) semesters. However, the length can vary based on the student circumstances.
The daytime full-time and part-time program classes are offered weekdays from approximately 8:00 – 3:00pm. The evening part-time program classes are offered weekdays from approximately 6:00 – 10:00pm.
To earn the Associate Degree in Opticianry, 30 courses must be completed (72 credits).
Not at this time.
Employment is not encouraged but you should be able to work about 15- 20 hours per week without jeopardizing your course grades. Students must earn at least a final grade of "C" or better to continue in the program.
That will depend on course availability and class size limitations.
This is a cohort style program, and therefore you will have to wait until the course is offered again.
Face-to-face and online (Blackboard). Web enhancements, Blended, and flipped classroom styles.
The Medical Campus does not provide job placement.  Through the Career Center located in the New Student Center on the Medical Campus, graduates may review employment opportunities that have been forwarded to the Career Center.
No. However, you will have the same quality education because these instructors have previously taught in the day time program and are Licensed Opticians currently in the field.
To work as an Optician, a license is required in the state of Florida. To be able to sit for licensure, the student must pass the credentialing examinations offered through the American Board of Opticianry and National Contact Lens Examiners. Once the Associate in Science in Opticianry is completed you qualify to sit for the State of Florida Department of Health Board Opticianry Exam.
No, Certification exams are not included in the college tuition and fees.
Visit the Program Requirement webpage.
You will earn an Associate in Science degree in Opticianry in approximately two years.
In the South Florida area, entry-level graduates may expect to earn an annual salary of $40,000 if employed full-time in an optical setting. Some establishments offer bonuses and commission for additional compensation.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
