Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The following criteria are used to determine which students will be eligible to progress to discipline courses: (Please note that there is no waiting list).
*Required course for the program is MGF1107, however, placement in MAT1033 is sufficient for enrollment.
                  
Florida residents will be given preference over non-residents. Final decision on progression to discipline courses will be based on the submission of all required documents received at the mandatory program orientation session. 
If you have previously attended any college or university other than Miami Dade College, you must arrange for that institution to send official transcripts to the Transcript Evaluation department before the target deadline date of May 1st.

                  Students who have attended foreign colleges must submit original transcripts and a certified English translation before February 1st to the Registrar at the Medical Campus for evaluation. For details, please call 305-237-4141. Students who have attended a foreign allied health or nursing program should consult the Miami Dade College catalog for more information about how to have their transcripts, diplomas, and credentials evaluated for U.S. equivalency.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
      Step 1: Apply to MDC. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or  haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami  Dade College application.
Step 2: Visit Medical  Campus Program Admission web page to submit program application. 
Introduction to Healthcare (HSC 0003) Waiver Process
      Under certain conditions you may be eligible to apply for an exemption.
      Questions About This or Other Programs at the Medical Campus?
      Call 305-237-4141 or email: madvisement@mdc.edu.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
