Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Radiographers, or Radiologic Technologists (RT), are Health  Care professionals who specialize in the imaging of human anatomy for diagnosis  and treatment of injury and disease. Radiographic image processing and  evaluation, radiation protection, and basic patient assessment are within the  scope of practice of a radiographer. 
Student Orientation Form (PDF)
          Please print  before attending orientation
Radiography Program Student Handbook (PDF)
Graduation Requirements
Articulation Agreements
Discrimination and Harassment Grievance Process 
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
The Medical Campus Radiography Program is a two-year (6 semester) course, not including general education courses, of study requiring 77 credits for an Associate in Science degree. After completion of the program, graduates will be eligible to sit for the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT) Board Exam to become Registered Radiographers (RT). Areas of study in this program include:

Radiographers are employed in hospitals, outpatient  diagnostic imaging centers, private physician offices, and mobile x-ray  companies and in the education field. In addition, employment is available in  the industrial aspect of radiography, specifically by producing images of metal  parts to determine cracks or potentially weak areas in the part. Radiography is a very rewarding career and for those who are  interested, can continue to further their career by taking Board Certification  in other modalities such as:
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
