Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Apply for EDGE Scholarship. Receive tuition assistance, mentorship opportunities, access to internships, and dedicated advisors who will help you navigate the college experience.
Apply for Open Door. We will cover the cost of tuition, fees, exams, books, and more.
Paramedics are vital members of the health care team who assess and provide direct patient care in the pre-hospital environment. They may also work closely with physicians and other health care professionals in the acute care setting. These individuals provide advanced medical and trauma care in the pre-hospital environment. A paramedic is responsible for emergency on-scene treatment, life-saving stabilization, and transport of ill or injured patients to an acute care facility. Additionally, Paramedics provide direct patient care in ER’s, clinics, and ambulance services.
The Paramedic Certificate Program provides learning experiences that enable the student to acquire and assimilate the necessary technical competencies to function effectively as a supportive health care provider in the pre-hospital environment.
To facilitate the clinical portion of the program, students are assigned to a clinical facility within Miami Dade County. Students are responsible for their own transportation to the campus and to various agencies in the community to which they are assigned for clinical experiences. Students enrolled in the clinical portion of the program are required to complete the Miami Dade College Student Health Record and criminal background check.

Professionals with a Paramedic degree usually find employment as a:
Designed for concentrated study in specific subject areas, certificate programs are shorter in duration than Associate in Science degree programs. Credits earned in certificate programs can apply toward a related A.S. degree.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
