The American Dream Scholarship helps the dream of higher education become a reality.  This scholarship picks up where other aid and scholarships leave off, ensuring that bright, qualified students have the means to continue their education. 
The scholarship is made possible by the generosity of members of the Greater Miami community such as the Mitchell Wolfson Sr. Foundation. These benefactors recognize the importance of a college education and are pleased to support the quality education offered by MDC.
High school graduates who have earned a standard high school diploma, GED, or home school diploma in Miami Dade County during the May-July 2024 period (without a previous degree).
The American Dream Scholarship funds will be applied at the in-state tuition rate after all other resources available to cover tuition and fees have been applied. 
The scholarship covers up to 60 credits toward the completion of an AA or AS, whichever comes first.
In order to be eligible for the scholarship, you must be registered for a minimum of 12 credits each Fall and Spring term. If you decide to enroll in additional  credits during the semester, you must contact us at 305-237-8888 or at ADS@mdc.edu to recalculate your payment award.
To remain an American  Dream Scholar you must:
Failure to meet these requirements by the deadlines will result in the loss of your status as an  American Dream Scholar and you will not be awarded any funds you would otherwise be eligible for under this program. There are no provisions for reinstatement. Once you lose eligibility, you will not be able to regain  your status as an American Dream Scholar. Remember that courses not passed or withdrawn after the 100% refund date count toward the 60 credit limit of the scholarship. 
The American Dream Scholarship is awarded for summer courses to continuing American Dream Scholars who met eligibility during the preceding Spring term. There is no minimum credit requirement for the summer term. The American Dream Scholarship will cover the in-state portion of any credits you enroll for during the summer (excluding special fees from the Aviation & Culinary programs). Enrollment in summer is optional.
Submit your online  application for admission to MDC.
Submit your Free Application for Federal Student Aid.
Make  sure to select MDC as the ACT and SAT score recipient. Please contact  a Testing and Assessment Department for ACCUPLACER Next-Generation or PERT information and scores. Students who need placement testing may complete MDC's Remote  Testing Options Request Form in order to take a placement test on a remote basis. Select the choice that includes the following: ACCUPLACER Next-Generation or PERT.
View a list of our Frequently Asked Questions.
Contact us: 
ads@mdc.edu
            305-237-8888
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
