It’s never too early to start organizing your thoughts about possible career pathways. You’ve taken a wide variety of classes in high school or college and some of these probably interest you more than others. The content of these classes often can be starting points for career exploration. Students who start to think about their career pathways in an organized way are likely to earn higher grades in college, be more motivated to graduate on time, and be more successful in their chosen career.
We invite you to follow these steps to begin your career exploration.
Many students ask, “How do I start planning for what comes after graduation from MDC?” We can’t tell you what’s best for you, but we can help you develop some strategies to help you figure this for yourself.
Close your eyes for a moment; take a deep breath and ask yourself:
John Holland was an American psychologist who developed a theory that is used to help people match their personalities with careers. The basic principles are:
Holland’s Hexagon Model shows relationships between personality types and environments. The types closest to each other more alike than the types located farther away on the hexagon.
Try to narrow your focus to a handful of possible careers.
Discuss your findings and bring your questions to your advisor, your mentor or a teacher/professor to can help you interpret your career findings and may suggest additional activities for you to complete.
A good place to start is the Florida College System’s information on meta-majors. Meta-majors are broad areas of study, each of which has many career opportunities associated with them. Pay special attention to the “Data” link on that page. It can take you to the workforce resources available to students locally. In addition to this resource, visit the Career Exploration Resources’ links on the right column of this page.
These include certificates that may “stack” towards an associate degree, advanced technical certificates and baccalaureate degrees. Visit MDC Stackable Credentials and MDC’s Certificate Programs for more information.
Use the Resources we have collected for you in order to make the best use of your career exploration time. Pay particular attention to the MDC Academic Program choices offered.
Complete this Focus2 Activity
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
