Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
MDC Online courses and degree programs were created by making the MDC student’s online learning experience our top priority – offering convenience, flexibility and support. These high-quality online courses and degree programs are designed to match workforce needs to ensure that our graduates acquire the knowledge, skills and credentials for a best-fit job.
College Credit Certificates:
Associate in Arts (AA) Pathway to a major in Pre-Bachelor of Arts (Dozens to choose from!)
Associate in Science (AS) Degrees:
Bachelor Degrees:
*Accelerated Format – Upper Division Courses 
Enroll in the free MDC Online Orientation to experience the look and feel of our learning management system, to learn more about how to become a successful online learner and to discover more about academic resources and student support.
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
