Located in the heart of the Miami Health District, the Medical Campus is home to state-of-the-art facilities and more than 20 educational options, including bachelor's degree programs and training certificates that can put you on the fast track to an in-demand career.
Offering bachelor and associate degrees as well as certificate programs, the School of Health Science trains allied health professionals to improve the quality of life in the community and become an integral part of the health-care team.
Offering a variety of in-demand options, the acclaimed School of Nursing has trained more than 50 percent of Miami-Dade County's nurses.
In this degree program, faculty will build on your natural compassion with the competency, critical-thinking skills and cultural awareness needed to help you be an exemplary health care provider.
The School of Nursing offers a comprehensive program of study leading to an Associate in Science degree in nursing through several options (Generic, Bridge and Accelerated).
Helping the College increase its accessibility and meet community needs that may not be served by traditional college programs, the  
                            
              School of Continuing Education and Professional Development at Medical Campus offers training and continuing education options (CEUs) that helps students and health care professionals expand their skill set, attain employment, and seek promotion opportunities.
Miami Dade College campuses offer more than 300 programs of study across several degree options, including
            associate and bachelor degrees, certificate programs, vocational training, and non-credit courses. 
Our Learning Resources labs and centers can help you make the grade. Stop in for one-on-one help, computer
            tutorials and more. 
Need to get in touch? Many of our offices are available to answer your questions over the phone or through
            e-mail. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
