Center for Social Change
Consortium for Healthier Miami-Dade
Provides opportunities and events for individuals to get involved with daily life problems dealing with social changes in Miami-Dade County.
Consortium for Healthier Miami-Dade
Florida Department of Health
An outlet for Health Committees and resources on prevention and health improvement within Miami-Dade.
Counseling and Social Services
Miami-Dade County
Provides variety of counseling services and other information on substance abuse.
Dream Green
Non-Profit
Advocates for environmental wellness in conjunction with individual wellness
Feeding South Florida
Non-Profit
Provides services to those who suffer from a lack of access to food choices and ways to get involved.
Health Council of South Florida
Florida Department of Health
Provides information on a variety of ongoing health projects and services.
Healthy People 2020
Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion
Provides resources and data searches for prevention events and research.
Live well Therapy Group
Consortium for Healthier Miami-Dade
Provides a wide range of psychological services to residents of Miami-Dade County.
Tobacco Free Florida
Florida Department of Health
Provides ways to quit smoking and information on how to acquire services.
United Way of Miami
Florida Department of Health
Provides opportunities for individuals to get involved with daily life problems here in Miami-Dade County.
National Crisis and Support Line for students needing immediate mental health services and emotional support (including suicidal crisis and severe emotional distress).
Call 988
988 - Suicide and Crisis Lifeline
24/7 access to trained crisis counselors who can help people experiencing mental health-related distress. That could be:
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
