Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
This program is industry driven and aims to prepare students to work as creative professionals in the world of fashion. The programs emphasizes design, technology and retail and merchandising practice.  Students will engage in a diverse educational experience designed to nurture creativity and develop practical skills within the context of a business environment. This course of study will prepare students to develop a successful career and meet a growing local demand for creative design and skilled labor in the fashion industry.
This program immerses students in the fashion business where they can explore the relationships between marketing and design. From concept through production, students learn the process, skills and language of fashion design and technology. For students interested in pursuing a higher degree, this degree also serves as a pathway to MDC’s Bachelor of Applied Science in Supervision &  Management and Supply Chain Management.
                This track provides students with the opportunity to learn and engage in the basic business practices of fashion retailing and merchandising while preparing them to work in this highly competitive  sector.  From the critical foundation of textiles, design technology and fashion history, to international trade, merchandising and marketing, students will learn the business essentials, emerging from the program with a professional portfolio that expresses their signature vision in the competitive fashion industry.  
Areas of study include:



Contemporary Retailing
Fashion Forecasting Research
Fashion Merchandising Strategies




Textile, Apparel & Retail Analysis
Textile Science
Portfolio Collection Development





Career Prospects
According to recent data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the  apparel manufacturing industry includes a diverse range of establishments  manufacturing full lines of ready-to-wear and custom apparel.  Out  of 1,106 counties and 49 states surveyed, Florida ranked fourth in apparel manufacturing. Among the possible employment options are: 

Merchandiser
Planning and Logistics
Business Operations Manager
Technology Manager
Apparel Contractor

Program Location


This track provides students with the opportunity to learn and engage in the basic business practices of fashion retailing and merchandising while preparing them to work in this highly competitive  sector.  From the critical foundation of textiles, design technology and fashion history, to international trade, merchandising and marketing, students will learn the business essentials, emerging from the program with a professional portfolio that expresses their signature vision in the competitive fashion industry.  
Areas of study include:

According to recent data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the  apparel manufacturing industry includes a diverse range of establishments  manufacturing full lines of ready-to-wear and custom apparel.  Out  of 1,106 counties and 49 states surveyed, Florida ranked fourth in apparel manufacturing. Among the possible employment options are: 
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
