All pre-service teachers who are completing MDC SOE clinical experience in Miami-Dade County Public Schools (MDCPS) or Early Childhood Educational (ECE) centers are required to be fingerprinted and background checked and must pass a Level 2 clearance by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Upon arrival at the school, students must present the fingerprinting clearance card to be recorded in the school’s Application Tracking System (ATS). This is the only clearance verification document needed to work in the classroom. Clearance cards are valid for five years.
Students enrolled in MDC SOE courses must be fingerprinted at MDCPS.
Review the Fingerprinting & Security Clearance Handbook, and schedule your M-DCPS fingerprinting appointment.
Fingerprinting at the M-DCPS Fingerprint Office should be completed before the beginning of the semester (as soon as you register for courses that require hours). Please note, M-DCPS does not allow walk-ins, so be sure to schedule your appointment as soon as possible.
To schedule an appointment, email smiles@dadeschools.net. Include your name and the name of the college (Miami Dade College).
MDCPS Fingerprinting Office305-995-7472
If you are currently employed by M-DCPS or if you have been fingerprinted by M-DCPS within the last 5 years, your clearance status may still be valid. Be sure to complete Steps 3-4 to request clearance verification from M-DCPS. Security Clearance Cards are required for all MDC students who wish to complete hours at M-DCPS, regardless of employment status.
Download the Service Provider Input Document and take the following items with you to your appointment at the M-DCPS Fingerprint Office:
After you have been fingerprinted by M-DCPS, you must submit the Security Clearance Card Request Form.
All students, including M-DCPS employees, must submit this form to obtain a clearance card.
When completing the form, you will be prompted to upload a photo of yourself. Be sure to submit a photo that is suitable for an identification card (no filters or selfies).
Check your MDC student email periodically for updates regarding your clearance status.
The process for obtaining a clearance card may take approximately 2-3 weeks, so be sure to allow ample time for processing.
Padrón Campus Room 6021-44, 305-237-6203
Kendall Campus Room R243, 305-237-2616
North Campus Room 2256, 305-237-1433
Email: soeadvisement@mdc.edu






