The Student Life office at Padrón Campus is your  source for student organizations, leadership, events and programs. Getting and  staying involved while in college is a rewarding part of the college  experience!
Get started by visiting  SharkNet, our student organization portal, where you can create a profile, join  organizations, sign up for events and activities, log service hours, and create  your co-curricular transcript. 
  
Each campus has a culture that is as diverse its student body. Each offers an opportunity for teamwork
          and leadership. Can’t find a club that suits your interests? You can start a new organization from scratch.
 Student Organization Guidelines
The purpose of Alpha Mu Gamma is to honor students for outstanding achievement in foreign language studies in college.
Advisor: Federick Richmond
                  Email: frichmon@mdc.edu
Visit the Sharknet Club page
TriBeta is an Honors Society for undergraduate students, dedicated to improving the understanding and appreciation of biological study and extending boundaries of human knowledge through scientific research.
 Advisor: Maria Guerrero
                  E-mail: mguerrer@mdc.edu

The mission of this organization is to promote creative expression through the visual and performing arts. This organization is dedicated to enhancing and sharing our love of Art, Film, and Theatre.
 Advisor: Samaria Prieto
                  E-mail: sprieto1@mdc.edu

The purpose of this organization is to mobilize students and professionals through education, technical projects and collaborative action to impact local and global sustainability challenges. We envision a world in which engineering fosters environmental, social and economic sustainability to improve both the quality of life and the condition of our planet.
 Advisor: Adolfo Mendez
                  E-mail: amendez4@mdc.edu
To familiarize the Miami-Dade College community with the functions and practices of the United Nations in addition to those of the National Model United Nations Program.  To provide delegates the opportunity to become globalized citizens, learn about mater of international importance, and gain a better understanding of international issues through thoughtful research, discussion, negotiation, resolution drafting, and public discourse. 
Advisor: Miriam Abety
                  E-mail: Mabety@mdc.edu
The Japanese Culture and Manga Club (JCMC) is an organization that focuses on learning about Japanese language and cultural impact. We achieve this through entertaining activities such as watching movies and presentations, open discussions, reading manga, playing games, arts and crafts, and more. Our ultimate goal is to have fun while learning something new about Japan, as well as to create constructive and rich experiences and relationships with our members and our community.
 Advisor: Eleazar Asencio
                  Email: easencio@mdc.edu

The purpose of Phi Beta Lambda is to promote interest in careers in business and the free enterprise system.
Advisor: Elisa Fernandez
                      E-mail: efernan2@mdc.edu
Phi Theta Kappa promotes the International Society's four hallmarks: scholarship, leadership, fellowship, and community service. For more information please visit our Phi Theta Kappa web site.
 Advisor: Jose Terneus
                  E-mail: JTerneus@mdc.edu

Give oppprtunities and guidance to undergraduate students who are pursuing a career in the healthcare field.
Advisor: Eduardo Cesar Santos-Lima
                      E-mail: esantosl@mdc.edu
The Pre-Law Society (PLS) is a collectively new club to Miami Dade. Our mission and goal is to help students from all campuses, majors and academic interests learn and receive help when it deals with the Legal Profession. We cover areas such as How to dress for an interview, LSAT tips and tricks, law school guidance, and how to debate efficiently etc.
Advisor: Omar Figueras
                      E-mail: ofiguera@mdc.edu
Members in Psych Force will become the arbiters of psychology, promoting learning, education and awareness campaigns in the field, both on campus and in the community.
 Advisor: Miriam Abety
                  E-Mail: mabety@mdc.edu

The clubwill be a space where people on the spectrum will come together to self-discover, learn, and connect with each other. In this club, we will be talking about issues that directly affect us youth on the spectrumas well as provide several opportunities forLGBTQ youth to join. These events range from going to fun events like drag shows to servicing other LGBTQ folks in our community. This club provides a safe space for individuals on the spectrum and acts as a great opportunity to connect with others who identify as LGBTQ.
 Advisor: Omar Figueras
                  E-mail: ofiguera@mdc.edu

Sigma Zeta's purpose is to inform the student body of natural sciences, math and engineering.
 Advisor: Belarmino Gonzalez
                  E-mail: bgonzal7@mdc.edu

The Student Government Association (SGA) is the voice of the student body and serves as the student governing body responsible for representing students' interest and addressing students' needs with the campus leadership.
 Advisor: Samaria Prieto
                  E-mail: sprieto1@mdc.edu

To highlight the importance of sustainability and biological diversity while educating others about the function of natural ecosystems and their intrinsic value.
The purpose of Y.E.S. is to empower, motivate, and educate students about environmental issues facing societies today, inspiring leadership and taking action on a regular basis. 
Advisor: Mark Tirpak
                      E-mail: mtirpak@mdc.edu
The Student Government Association is the voice of the student body and represents students' interests and concerns to the campus leadership. Through Student Government, students build leadership, organizational and communication skills. They also have the opportunity to represent the student body in campus, collage, and statewide meetings.
The Reporter is the student newspaper at Miami Dade College. All content is produced by MDC
                students. The Reporter is a public forum of expression.
Get Involved
            The Student Life Department is where you can get engaged with the campus community. In addition, you can obtain your student ID card (MDCard), parking decals, applications for student organizations, activities calendars, intramurals and more.
Location: Room 6018
 P: 305-237-6163
E-mail: pstudentlife@mdc.edu
Hours:
            Monday - Thursday: 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
            Friday: 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. 
Your Student Life Team
Bryan Cash
          Director
bcash@mdc.edu
Samaria Prieto
          Specialist
sprieto1@mdc.edu
Being healthy is an important factor that contributes to educational and professional success. Start by making informed health choices around HIV and substance use.
Visit the HIV/Substance Use Prevention and Services today for more information.
Padrón Campus Student Life is now accepting donations for the campus pantry. Needed items are canned food and hygiene products. For on campus pick up of donations call 305-237-6360.
Visit the food pantry here
Kilpatrick's Business Closet provides a way for MDC Padron students to access FREE professional attire appropriate for career fairs, interviews, and the workplace. Inventory includes suits, blazers, skirts, dresses, button down shirts and more. Our goal is to help students look their best throughout their job search so they can make a positive impression as they enter the professional world! Clothing must be business attire.
Donations may be submitted at the ACCESS Office, Room 1112 at the Padron Campus during business hours. Contact aepc1@mdc.edu for inquiries. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
