Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Veterinary technicians typically conduct clinical work in private practice under the supervision of a licensed veterinarian. As a veterinary technician, you’ll help a veterinarian care for animals in a variety of settings, including clinics, zoos, research centers, and more. 
A graduate of MDC's Veterinary Technology program is eligible to sit for the Veterinary Technician National Exam and become a Certified Veterinary Technician. Upon graduation, the graduate will be able to perform a wide array of medical tests and procedures in a number of clinical settings from small animal, large animal, exotics and laboratory animals.
This program includes an approximate cost of $869 for lab fees.              
A 2 series Prophylaxis Rabies vaccine is required prior to admittance into the Veterinary Technology Program
This degree option builds on a strong academic foundation with 400 hours of real, on-the-job experience. Current pass rate for the national exam is greater than ninety-two percent.
                  

Please note that students entering an AAS, AS, AA, or Baccalaureate degree under the 2022-23 catalog year and thereafter must meet the new general education core course requirements prior to the award of the degree. This includes meeting the required Civic Literacy requirement before graduation.
General education courses required for the Associate in Science in Veterinary Technology can be taken at your nearest Miami Dade College location. However, program-specific courses are only offered at the following location:
Additionally, the clinical experience portion of the program requires students to report to assigned clinical facilities within Miami Dade County.
To facilitate the clinical portion of the program, students are assigned to a clinical facility within Miami Dade County. Students are responsible for their own transportation to the campus and to various agencies in the community to which they are assigned for clinical experiences.
The Veterinary Technology Program provides learning experiences that enable the student to acquire and assimilate the necessary technical competencies to function effectively as a supportive health care provider in the profession. In keeping with its mission and goals, and in compliance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Medical Campus promotes an environment of respect and support for persons with disabilities and will make reasonable accommodations.
See the Physical Demands listed for this program
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
