Welcome to Miami Dade College's School of Continuing Education and Professional Development, your source for high-quality workforce training, adult education programs, and personal enrichment courses that are accessible to the community. The School provides innovative educational experiences that are responsive to the needs and interests of industry and life-long learners of all ages.

      There are no items to show.
    

      There are no items to show.
    

      There are no items to show.
    
Cookie policy
This statement explains how we use cookies on our website. For information about what types of personal information will be gathered when you visit the website, and how this information will be used, please see our privacy policy.
How we use cookies
All of our web pages use "cookies". A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we place on your computer or mobile device if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and enables us to improve our website.
Types of cookies we use
We use the following types of cookies:
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Specific cookies we use
The list below identify the cookies we use and explain the purposes for which they are used. We may update the information contained in this section from time to time.
Changes to our Cookie Statement
Any changes we may make to our Cookie Policy in the future will be posted on this page.

        Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution
        which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital
        status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status,
        ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information.
        Additional information may be obtained by contacting the Office of Equal
        Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305)
        237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (TTY) Florida Relay Service. View our
        Equal Access/Equal Opportunity Policy.
      
