Model for Enhanced Employment Development Program 

The Model for Enhanced Employment Development (MEED) Program aims to support students with disabilities (SWD) who are actively seeking work experience through internship and employment opportunities. Our services are supported by The Able Trust, which provides opportunities for successful employment for individuals with disabilities across Florida.
The MEED Program was established in 1986 as a technical training program for individuals with disabilities. Graduates left the program with advanced microcomputer skills ready for competitive employment situations in computer-related positions.
Over time, the Program evolved and now provides a variety of employability services for students with disabilities. Through the Strategic Employment Placement Initiative Grant provided by The Able Trust, Miami Dade College is focused on three goals to increase the employability of students with disabilities:
The MEED Program provides one-on-one job readiness sessions and programming throughout the academic year, including:
MEED staff works with College departments and community organizations to develop employment opportunities and supervises internship experiences. Our internship program allows individuals with disabilities to gain valuable experience that enhances their job readiness and self-advocacy skills in the workplace. 
Current students registered with the ACCESS department at any Miami Dade College campus are eligible for services. Alumni are also welcome to contact MEED for an appointment. Please call 305-237-3072 for more information. 
Please take a moment to fill out our online form.






Wolfson Campus 300 NE 2nd Avenue Miami, FL 33132 Room 1180
MEED staff is able to coordinate phone, virtual, or face-to-face meetings at other campuses. Please contact our office for more information on how to book your appointment: 305-237-3072.
Emerald LeddaJob Developerebradyle@mdc.edu305-237-3046
 
Jose Dominguez MEED Program Internship Coordinator jdoming3@mdc.edu
