Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Pass rates are updated periodically. Please see the most recent Physician Assistant National Certifying  Examination Five Year First Time Taker Summary Report (PDF).
NCCPA PANCE Exam Performance Report for Last 5 years 
The National Commission on  Certification of Physician Assistants (NCCPA) 

Licensing
PA practice is regulated by licensing boards in each state. (PAs  in the military undergo a federal privilege process.) In most states, PA  licenses are issued through the medical board; although in some states, PAs are  licensed through osteopathic and physician assistant licensing boards.
All 50 states and territories of  the United States of America require the successful passage of the NCCPA PANCE  in order to obtain initial licensure to practice as a Physician Assistant

PA practice is regulated by licensing boards in each state. (PAs  in the military undergo a federal privilege process.) In most states, PA  licenses are issued through the medical board; although in some states, PAs are  licensed through osteopathic and physician assistant licensing boards.
All 50 states and territories of  the United States of America require the successful passage of the NCCPA PANCE  in order to obtain initial licensure to practice as a Physician Assistant
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
