
The music department has guided its students to top universities in our state and around the nation, success stories underscored by our articulation agreements with Barry University and the prestigious Berklee School of Music. The  articulation agreements allow Associate in Arts pathway students to continue their educations at prestigious four-year institutions .
In addition to providing private instruction on all instruments, the department is home to a variety of associate degree options and performance ensembles that foster the development of creativity, proficiency, and perspective. Many credits earned toward an associate in arts degree at the College may transfer to four-year institutions within Florida's State University System.
 You can play a part in transforming the lives of our talented music students through scholarships and academic program initiatives. Your contribution ensures that PAI continues to be a vital source in enriching the lives of students and the community through the performing arts. 
Vocal Fusion is MDC Kendall's premier contemporary vocal ensemble that specializes in jazz and popular music. The group features unique vocal harmonies and incredibly interesting arrangements of jazz and popular music. Our Vocal Fusion Club works creatively and musically to give back to the community and the students on campus.
 Learn more about Vocal Fusion here.
 The purpose of Opus One shall be to serve the community by mentoring developing musicians, supporting fundraising events for non-profits and foster a social environment that focuses on classical musical performances to share with the community. The goal of our organization is to provide its members with opportunities to grow and gain experience in their desired musical fields at Miami-Dade College Kendall Campus.

 Learn more about Opus One here. 
From Renaissance to rock – small group to concert band – the department's wide range of performance ensembles offer diverse opportunities for students with a passion for music
The music program provides specialized professional training in various disciplines of music and general courses for cultural enrichment. 
Brenda Cervantes
                              Music/Humanities Lab Manager
                              305-237-2859
bcervant@mdc.edu
Equipped with state-of-the-art technology, the lab facilitates the creation of virtually any multimedia project.
The department of music maintains articulation agreements that allow Associate in Arts pathway students to continue their educations at prestigious four-year institutions.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
