Hialeah Campus offers a wide variety of day and evening classes six days a week. Educational opportunities include courses leading to associate in arts and associate in science degrees, vocational certificate programs, and career training in computer technology, office technology, electronics, and early childhood education. In addition, Hialeah Campus is also home to a comprehensive English language training program for speakers of other languages.
Featuring an award-winning faculty in an epicenter of international trade, Miami Dade College’s School of Business delivers top-notch education in a one-of-a-kind location.
We offer non-college credit courses for individuals who want to enrich their cultural experiences or
                                    improve their professional or occupational skills.
Offering more than 30 degrees, the School of Engineering + Technology provides the dynamic knowledge, skill, hands-on training and industry connections to turn your dreams and imagination into solutions for success.
The Arts and Philosophy Department helps students develop critical thinking and understanding through the study of art, metaphysics, ethics, and related philosophies.
The College Prep Department offers courses in reading and English to help students who are under-prepared build their skills in these critical areas of study.
Through courses in composition, journalism, speech, and literature, The English and Communication department guides students through an exploration of ethics, creativity, relationships, and expression.
Offers language instruction in English for Academic Purposes, French and Italian.
The Mathematics Department helps students develop the fluency and reasoning skills needed to comprehend mathematics and its applications, creating learners capable of solving complex problems.
Offers a wide range of natural sciences preparatory courses primarily designed for the student working toward an associate in arts or associate in science degree.
Through studies in anthropology, history, geography, sociology, psychology and more, the Social Science Department provides a deeper understanding of the world around us.

							Miami Dade College campuses offer more than 300 programs of study across several degree options, including associate and bachelor degrees, certificate programs, vocational training, and non-credit courses.
							

							You need it, we’ve got it. Librarians and tutors are available to help you get started (or finish) any assignment. Computers, scanners, and copiers make the work a little easier. Individual and group study tables offer you a comfortable place to study.
							

							Need to get in touch? Many of our offices are available to answer your questions over the phone or through e-mail.
							
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
