Information and Resources
Every 68 seconds an American is sexually assualted, For more information vist RAINN.
Sexual assault is one of the most underreported crimes in  the United States, leaving many survivors feeling unheard and silenced.                 The National Clothesline Project, developed in 1990, is a  way for survivors of gender-based violence to anonymously share their  experiences and messages. In 2021, Miami Dade College, Office of Sexual  Violence Prevention, began conducting a modified version of the project to  increase awareness regarding the alarming rates of sexual assault, the  experiences of survivors, and display community support for survivors. Survivors  and allies have created the shirts in our virtual gallery to increase  awareness, share their stories, and emphasizes respect and support for victims  of sexual violence. Miami Dade College departments also worked together to  create shirts to help support a culture of intolerance of non-violence!
Kendall Campus Participant
Padron Campus Student
Kendall Campus Access
Padron Campus Community
Padron Campus Community
Community Partner - RTC
Office of Sexual Violence Prev.
Kendall Campus Student
Kendall Campus Student
Kendall Campus Student
Office of Emergency Manag.
Padron Campus Student
Padron Campus Student
Padron Campus Student
Padron Campus Student
Community Partner
Kendall Campus Student
Kendall, Retention Dept. Staff
Kendall Single Stop Department
Kendall Campus Student
Kendall Single Stop Department
Padron Campus Single Stop
Community Participant
Padron Campus Student
The Clothesline Project - 2021
Miami  Dade College is committed to providing an institutional environment where all  persons may pursue their studies, careers, duties, and activities in an  atmosphere free of the threat of unwelcome and unwanted sexual offenses and  violence. The College prohibits offenses of sexual assault, domestic violence,  dating violence, and stalking on its campuses and has developed policies and  procedures to be followed once it has been determined that a sexual offense has  occurred. 
 If you or someone you know experiences violence on campus CALL  your Campus Public Safety Department. They will notify local police authorities  upon your request. You may request anonymity to the extent practicable and  permitted by law. 
Carrie P. Meek Entrepreneurial Center
305-237-8701
305-237-5100
305-237-4100
305-237-6100
305-237-3100
Kendall Campus 
* Statistics listed above provided by:
Help keep your campus safe. You can make an anonymous report if you’ve been a victim of assault or observed any type of dangerous or suspicious behavior.
Make a report
If you are a member of the MDC community, we invite you to make a difference.
Schedule an OSVP workshop
Sexual Violence Prevention: Information and Resources  (PDF Brochure)
Join the SHARK Initiative (PDF Brochure)
SHARK Initiative Community Resources (PDF Palm Card)
Roxcy  Bolton Rape Treatment Center
Provides services at Jackson  Memorial Hospital and Jackson South Community Hospital to victims,  non-offending family members and other relatives.
305-585-5185
Men and Women United in Justice, Education Reform (M.U.J.E.R.)
      Provides direct response services  to domestic and sexual abuse victims and families.
      305-247-1388
HELPline Miami 
    Free and confidential counseling, crisis intervention, suicide prevention and referral services.
    305-358-HELP (4357)
Florida Abuse Hotline
      Accepts reports 24/7 of known or  suspected abuse of children or vulnerable adults. 
      1-800-962-2873
Rape Abuse and Incest National Network (RAINN)
      Confidential online chat with a  trained staff member who can provide help and support in Spanish or English.
      1-800-656-4673
As Miami Dade  College Sharks, we sometimes must navigate challenging waters. At MDC we are  committed to providing a safe, productive and collegial environment for the  entire MDC community. One of your first contributions to this community is to  educate yourself on how to make a positive impact. If you have not completed  the training, please email prevention@mdc.edu to register.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
