Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
Don't wait – get your textbooks, course materials, snacks, MDC t-shirts, and everything else you need at the campus bookstores. No time to commute? Use the online bookstore, you can even order your books from the comfort of home, have them shipped, or pick them up at any campus bookstore when they're ready. Students may select the following –
Rent-A-Text – Students can rent either online or pick up the books at an MDC bookstore. Highlighting and writing in the books is acceptable as normal wear and tear. Our students also have the choice of converting the rental into a purchase or choose to check-in the rental at the end of the semester.
Digital Textbooks – Many course materials have been optimized for use on mobile devices and tablets. In some courses, digital textbooks are available and offer interactive quizzes and animations along with the digital format conversion. For an all-in-one learning experience, other courses software that works in conjunction with traditional textbooks and accessed through the learning management system.
Cost Saving Tip – Review your pricing options to select textbooks and materials that are in your budget. Many books are available as a rental or purchased as new or used. Also, many payments are accepted: cash, credit, debit and financial aid.
Convenience Tip – For students who plan to continue taking MDC Online courses, we suggest you create an account at checkout with eFollett. This will allow for the convenience of viewing several textbook formats and to sign in and receive email updates with specials, sales, and other promotions.
 Login to Canvas
 Live Chat Support
The Student Support Center can help resolve technical issues and answer questions about current and future courses and semesters. Current and prospective students can submit a ticket by emailing online@mdc.edu and will receive a response from the Student Support team.
For more information and assistance, please contact our Student Support Center:
Phone:305-237-3800
Email Us:online@mdc.edu
Schedule an Appointment:
Set up an appointment to meet with an MDC Online Student Support Team Member
Hours:
			Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET
			Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
