Mantra Self Care Hub is a self-guided mental wellness program that offers hundreds of fun, relaxing and relatable lessons and videos. It’s the first Dialectical Behavioral Therapy life skills program developed for college students. The program is produced by the award-winning digital mental health provider Mantra Health and it's free to all MDC students. 
With Mantra Self Care Hub you can:
Fitness, Aquatics and Wellness Center
Aquatic and Fitness Center
Fitness and Wellness Center
MDC offers a range of resources to help students  emotionally and physically navigate the demanding pace of modern life. From financial counseling to health referrals and providing assistive technologies, MDC can help students get the help they need.
View all of Miami Dade College's Wellness Services and Resources
Need a little  help? You're not alone. There are a number of organizations that may be helpful in your search for wellness. Here are just a few, ranging in everything from environmental concerns to food banks:
Explore wellness centered organizations
National Crisis and Support Line for students needing immediate mental health services and emotional support (including suicidal crisis and severe emotional distress).
Call 988
988 - Suicide and Crisis Lifeline
24/7 access to trained crisis counselors who can help people experiencing mental health-related distress. That could be:
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
