Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Vision Care Technology/Opticianry Program performs  an annual review of the program's mission, goals, and learning objectives.  The review process is initiated during the  fall and continues regularly with the program personnel (faculty, staff, and  clinical supervisor) to assess how the program is achieving the mission, goals,  and learning objectives of the program.   Collectively, the program personnel review the pass rates on national  examinations, state licensing examinations, and review the responses from the  employer/preceptor surveys.  Curricular  content areas, such as lecture and laboratory content, are reviewed extensively  by the faculty found in the program.   Those content areas where patient/student interaction takes place  (clinical setting) are also reviewed by all program personnel to ensure  multiple perspectives are included during the review process.
Upon completion of the program personnel's review, the  results are shared with the program's advisory committee.  During the review of these areas, the  advisory committee is afforded the opportunity to provide input and guidance  related to the program's ability in achieving these goals.  Additionally, during the Advisory Committee  meetings, a review of the program's pass rates on national examinations, state  licensing examinations, and the results of the employer surveys are  shared.  The Advisory Committee also  reviews graduate surveys to assess the graduate's satisfaction of the program.  
The faculty, staff, administration, and advisory committee evaluate the  program on a regular basis to ensure that the program mission and goals are  being met.  The faculty, administration,  and advisory board also evaluate the programs strengths, weaknesses,  opportunities, and threats.  The  evaluation helps the college achieve their mission, goals, and strategic  objectives (MDC Strategic Goals).
The Mission of the Opticianry Program is to provide excellent eye care education and service to the students and the  community.
The Mission of Medical Campus is to provide students with affordable, accessible,  quality education in health care careers.  Faculty and staff strive to  respond to the changing needs of students, health care providers, and health  care consumers in the community at large through collaboration with health care  and business communities.  The Campus provides an environment that is  conductive to learning by recognizing and responding to the diverse learning  styles, cultures, and resources of its students. 
The Mission of the School of Health  Sciences is to provide excellent, affordable, accessible health care  education and promotes quality health care services in our community.
The  goals of the Opticianry (Vision Care) Program are consistent with the stated  goals of Miami Dade College and include the student, faculty, institution, and  community.
Upon completion of the  Opticianry (Vision Care) program at the Medical Campus, graduates from Miami  Dade College should emulate these outcomes
The  learning objectives are continually assessed by faculty and are achieved  through the successful completion of the following outcomes: 
                The following information provides the outcomes for the Miami Dade College Vision Care Technology/Opticianry program. 

This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
