Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
As a student your number one task is to learn new things but just like your professors, you are a member of the university who contributes knowledge and ideas. Academics (like you) build knowledge through rigorous research and expand on the ideas of others.
As a college student, you are expected to submit original work and give credit to other peoples' ideas. In short, academic integrity is honest and responsible scholarship. As an academic (yes, even in first year) you are expected to contribute to this research and knowledge building by sharing your own ideas, evaluations and arguments. Your professor isn't looking for you to write the "perfect" paper, they are looking for you to do some original thought. This includes:
Procedure 4035 – Addressing Academic Dishonesty establishes a process for addressing charges of academic dishonesty in a manner that preserves the professional integrity of the faculty member as well as the due process rights of the student. Academic dishonesty includes the following actions, and those that are similar in nature, with respect to a student’s academic performance.
Some related actions of academic dishonesty, such as stealing examinations or course material and falsifying records, may be directly addressed through Procedure 4030 – Student Disciplinary Procedures.
For more information, please review the Student’s Rights & Responsibilities.
 Login to Canvas
 Live Chat Support
The Student Support Center can help resolve technical issues and answer questions about current and future courses and semesters. Current and prospective students can submit a ticket by emailing online@mdc.edu and will receive a response from the Student Support team.
For more information and assistance, please contact our Student Support Center:
Phone:305-237-3800
Email Us:online@mdc.edu
Schedule an Appointment:
Set up an appointment to meet with an MDC Online Student Support Team Member
Hours:
			Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET
			Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
