MDC is a teaching institution, where you will meet exceptional faculty who will provide quality instruction in small classes. At The Honors College you will earn an associate of arts degree with over 50% of the credits with honors. This pathway will position you for success when you transfer to another institution to pursue your Bachelor’s degree. 
Beyond encouraging the acquisition of knowledge, the Honors College at MDC fosters commitment to our local community
                with a service learning component. Furthermore, our students are encouraged to participate in national and global
                political discourse via annual seminars through The Washington Center in Washington, D.C., the Global Citizenship
                Alliance Seminar in  Salzburg Austria and more.
Opportunities for making your voice heard abound through The Honors College. Our students don't just talk about change, they make it happen, which is why MDC has been recognized as an Ashoka U Changemaker Campus. For those interested in sciences, MDC has partnerships with many institutions to place aspiring students into research experiences.
Bi-weekly   colloquia with  relevant speakers expose  Honors College students to various current   issues that are local, national and global in scope. Students can also join  honor societies and organizations including Phi Theta Kappa, Beta Lambda and the Student Government Association and participate in  events and programs at the Institute for Civic Engagement and Democracy, the  Earth Ethics Institute and the Idea Center. 
MDC also has  resources to help students develop creative interests such as the MDC Live Arts Lab, Makers Lab and  and the Visual Resource Center for  artists.  Students interested in  writing  will appreciate the award-winning literary magazines at various  campuses and collegewide student newspaper, The  Reporter.
A provider of many of Miami’s cultural offerings, MDC hosts renowned events such as the Miami Film Festival, Miami Book
                Fair, Maker Faire Miami and more. The College is also a destination on the political circuit and regularly hosts
                diplomats, U.S. presidents and foreign dignitaries. Honors College students at MDC often gain special access to
                prominent figures and attend exclusive receptions.
Qualifications, criteria, procedures and how to apply
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
