Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Enrollment into the program’s discipline courses is limited.
                  Selection is based on completion of the requirement courses.  Graduates become licensed after graduation.
                  To request  a milestone review to determine eligibility to start discipline courses, you must have completed the requirement courses below  with a grade of “C” or higher or be currently enrolled in them. Students  currently enrolled in these requirements  must complete them by the start of the Fall semester.
                Top priority is given to students that have  completed all of the required general education and science courses by the target review date of May 1st.  GPA is also a factor in the selection process.
*Hum 1020 may be  substituted with ARH 1000, LIT 2000, MUL 1010, PHI 2010 or THE 2000
** AMH 2020 may be substituted with POS 2041
 Florida residents will be given preference over non-residents. Final selection  will be based on the submission of all required documents received at the  mandatory discipline orientation session.
 If you have previously  attended any college or university other than Miami Dade College, you must  arrange for that institution to send official transcripts to MDC’s Transcript  Evaluation department located at the Kendall campus prior to the target date of  May 1st for an August acceptance.
Students enrolled in the clinical portion of the program are required to complete the Miami Dade College Student Health Record and criminal background check process.
Successful completion of the MDC level two background check process or completion of a MDC nursing/health sciences program does not guarantee a graduate’s eligibility for participation in the professional credentialing process or for related employment. Credentialing agencies and health care employers may have additional eligibility criteria not required by an educational institution. Individuals who have been arrested or convicted for any crime are strongly urged to inquire directly of the licensing board in the jurisdiction in which they intend to practice.
If you have previously attended any college or university other than Miami Dade College, you must arrange for that institution to send official transcripts to MDC’s Transcript Evaluation department located at the Kendall campus prior to the target date of May 1st for an August acceptance.
Students who have attended foreign colleges must submit original transcripts and a certified English translation before February 1st to the Registrar at the Medical Campus for evaluation. For details, please call 305-237-4141. Students who have attended a foreign allied health or nursing program should consult the Miami Dade College catalog for more information about how to have their transcripts, diplomas, and credentials evaluated for U.S. equivalency.
This program is  competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
      Step 1: Apply to MDC. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or  haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami  Dade College application.
Step 2: Visit Medical  Campus Program Requirements web page to submit program application. 
Introduction to Healthcare (HSC 0003) Waiver Process
      Under certain conditions you may be eligible to apply for an exemption.
      Questions About This or Other Programs at the Medical Campus?
      Call 305-237-4141 or email: madvisement@mdc.edu.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
