Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Bachelor of Applied Science in Public Safety Management  is a workforce-driven degree designed with several track options that provide education and training, leading to immediate employment possibilities for students in numerous careers in public safety. 
This comprehensive curriculum emphasizes critical thinking, analytical, written and oral communications, as well as research skills designed to prepare today’s learners for entry-level, mid-management, and upper level supervisory positions within Public Safety agencies such as the FBI, DEA, ICE, U.S. Marshals Service, U.S. Secret Service and others.
The Emergency Management track is designed to prepare students with a broad base of knowledge in the field of emergency management. The program provides students with the general education and technical knowledge required to succeed in the diverse field of emergency management. 
The B.A.S. Emergency Management track option allows students who have already completed an A.A., A.S., or A.A.S. degree to gain a greater understanding of the concepts and framework for reducing vulnerability and hazards in communities. Students complete 60 credits of coursework, including 5 core set of courses in Emergency Management track. Estimated time to complete this bachelor’s degree program is 2 years with full-time enrollment. Core courses include:

Public Safety Management students may  also choose to graduate with one of these other track options:
Upon completion of the Bachelor in Applied Science in Public Safety Management degree, students will be eligible for positions within the public safety area to include local, state, and federal agencies. The degree may also assist with career advancement. Careers to which this program may lead include:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
