Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Apply for Kick Start program which helps individuals who are unemployed to retool and retrain in a high-demand field.
Apply for Open Door. We will cover the cost of tuition, fees, exams, books, and more.
The Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) program provide learning experiences that enable the student to  acquire and assimilate the necessary technical competencies to function  effectively as an EMT responding to medical emergencies in the pre-hospital  environment. 
An Emergency Medical Technician  is the intermediate care  practitioner in Emergency Medical Services. These individuals are the first to  arrive on a scene and provide the initial assessment and direct patient care in  the pre-hospital environment, as well as in emergency rooms, clinics, and ambulance services. 
This certificate program requires fewer credits than an A.S. degree and functions as an entry-level credential when entering the workforce. College credits granted with this certificate apply toward a related A.S. degree. Students may stack credentials to advance toward a higher degree level. 
The Medical Campus Emergency Medical Technician program is a one semester program of study requiring 11 credits. Before entry into the Emergency Medical Technician program (EMS 1119, EMS 1119L, and EMS 1431), the student must have completed training as a First Responder or equivalent and  college prep coursework or higher to be eligible for these classes. (See Testing Requirements for program). 
You must see our EMS advisor to determine if you are required to take the (P.E.R.T.) Postsecondary Education Readiness Test or if you have exemption status from the test. The Emergency Medical Technician program is offered every semester at three of our campuses:
To facilitate the clinical portion of the program, students are assigned to a clinical facility within Miami Dade County. Students are responsible for their own transportation to the campus and to various agencies in the community to which they are assigned for clinical experiences. Students participating in the clinical portion of a program are required to complete the Miami Dade College Student Health Record and criminal background check.
If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week during program enrollment. 

This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
