On behalf of the faculty and staff of the Department of World Languages at the Padrón Campus of Miami Dade College, I extend a warm welcome to our department and invite you to explore the many opportunities to study a variety of languages with us. We strongly believe in preparing our students to be global citizens able to live, work, and succeed in the 21st century.
Our department offers language education programs in three areas:
The English for Academic Purposes program is for English language learners who are interested in earning a degree or certificate at the College. We offer courses via the traditional EAP program, EAP+ and the ACE Program. Información en español disponible)
Our offerings in Foreign Languages, including, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese and Spanish, are designed to help students expand their world by learning to communicate in a new language, as well as to meet the language requirements of their respective programs of study.
Our Translation and Interpretation Studies program offers an Associate of Science degree in Translation and Interpretation Studies in addition to college credit certificates in Translation or Interpretation.
We look forward to welcoming you to our program. 
Niurka Leon
                                      Department Chair
                                      World Languages


Monday - Friday: 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.

Los programas de inglés como segundo idioma con propósito académico (EAP) en el Padrón Campus preparan a los hablantes no nativos del inglés en todos los aspectos del idioma. Este programa se enfoca en el estudiante y está diseñado para los alumnos que quieren aprender inglés como preparación para cursar estudios en una universidad estadounidense.
 
The Writing Lab assists students with ESL-related writing goals through one-on-one tutoring and individual instruction, crafted practice at each level, challenging grammar and composition exercises, and access to instructional software exercises on a bank of computers. The purpose of the writing lab is to enable EAP students to reach college level writing competency. Accomplishing this requires material complementing the all important syllabus of the classroom, the heart of the students' overall instruction.
The Language Lab provides a convenient place for students to practice audio-lingual skills. Electronic media is used to transmit and report prepared audio, video, and multimedia learning materials in order to improve speech and listening skills in English for Academic Purposes and Foreign Languages. Room 1218 is equipped to facilitate live interactive oral practice with a lab instructor and among large groups of students. The Internet is available to students, as well as other learning materials on the Web.
This lab is equipped with audio-visual equipment for translation and interpretation. There are 25 student stations where students use computers to refine their translation and interpretation skills. Due to the specialization of this lab/classroom, the students at Padrón Campus have been able to participate in the internship for court interpreters.
Katia Valido Muñoz
 P:305-237-6259                                
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
