Benjamín León
The excellence of any educational institution  is determined by the caliber of its faculty. The Benjamín León School of  Nursing at Miami Dade College has many distinguished faculty members who have  current clinical and classroom experience to provide students with exceptional  educational opportunities in state-of-the-art facilities.
More than 50 years ago Miami Dade College created a nursing program to meet the rapidly growing need for registered nurses in Miami Dade County.  Today we have graduated nearly 20,000 nurses who are proud to say that they received an excellent education in our School of Nursing. Our alumni are working in every hospital and most of the outpatient facilities in the region, and a large percentage of Hispanic nurses nationally.  Many of our alumni have gone on for their BSN, MSN, DNP and/or their PhD degrees.  Several of our 69 current faculty members are proud graduates of our program.  
We have entered a wonderful era for nursing. The demand for skilled nursing professionals has never been greater. Nor has there ever been a time that has offered so many culturally diverse nurses such opportunities to serve as health care providers or make as significant an impact on the delivery of quality care to people around the world. 
The Benjamín León School of Nursing is proud to offer full-time, part-time and on-line opportunities both for students who aspire to be registered nurses, and for RNs who wish to earn their BSN.  
Proud of our diverse faculty and students, the Benjamín León School of Nursing excels at helping our students achieve their dreams!  I invite you to explore our web site and discover what makes our school an exceptional place to learn.    
Contact us for any questions or for help.
View the faculty and staff directory.
If you are not currently a student at MDC, we can provide you with important and helpful information about Nursing education.
Students who are enrolled in a  college-level or vocational credit course and pass a certification exam, will  be reimbursed for the cost of the exam.
Learn more about certifications
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
