MFI Promotional video playing in the background. This video depicts clips of fashion models on the runway, students and their work, the faculty and facilities.

                            Hosted by renowned Miami Fashion designer and Member of the Miami Fashion Institute Board of Advisors, Rene Ruiz, "Fashion Forward" highlights the latest trends in fashion, the local industry, and the future through the common thread of the Miami Fashion Institute.
                        

                        Whether you see yourself as a creative force or a merchandising powerhouse,
                        this industry driven program prepares you to work as a professional in the world of fashion.
                    

                        Receive an Associate in Science in Fashion Design or Fashion Merchandising.
                    

CONTACT AN ADVISOR 


                                Choose between two concentrations
                            
Each track offers a broad range of courses grounded in focused research, creative expression and practice. 
Students design, create and develop competitive skills and techniques while exploring both the business and artistic side of the industry. 
View this Fashion Design Program  


View this College Credit Certificate in Pattern Making and Construction Program  

Request more information about our Fashion Design and Fashion Merchandising programs, via our form:
This certificate focuses on the technical knowledge of apparel garment making and construction. It prepares students to fulfill the essential roles of machinists, patternmakers, and pattern cutters. Students may enroll in the certificate program alone or attain the certificate as part of the A.S. program in Fashion Design.

View this Fashion Merchandising Program  

Help us raise essential private funds for MDC fashion students and the programs that support them. We need your help!
These portfolios include visual merchandising projects for the stores of the future, collaboration projects with local brands, and financial strategies for developing a pop-up.
These portfolios are focused on documenting the creative process and developing a personal narrative to communicate a creative vision.

                                MDCFASHION
                            

                            This section does not offer the best user experience for screen readers. You may visit our social media channels on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram; or you may skip directly to the MDC global footer at the bottom of this page.
                        
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
