Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Q. When is the application deadline for the program? 
  A. The deadline is May 1st for the class that will begin Fall term.

Q. How many students are selected for the program?
  A. Each class will consist of sixteen students

Q. . Can I apply if I have not completed all of the pre-requisite courses?
  A. You can apply to the program before completing the pre-requisite courses but only students who have completed or will have completed the pre-requisite courses by the end of spring semester will be considered for the end of summer/fall class.

Q. What should I do if I am not accepted to the program?
  A. Your application will be retained in the program application pool as long as you return the form that was sent to you along with the letter indicating your program status. You should also contact a Medical Campus advisor to review your transcripts. Since this program has a very limited enrollment, your final grades in the pre-requisite courses are extremely important.

Q. What are the hours of the program?
  A. This program offers courses in the evening and on weekends to accommodate students with family and work responsibilities. Typical evening courses are from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm. Clinical courses vary throughout the day.

Q. Can I complete this program on a part-time basis?
  A. No. The curriculum must be followed as outlined on the curriculum sheet.

Q. Can I work while I am a student in the program?
  A. Employment is not encouraged but you should be able to work about 15- 20 hours per week without jeopardizing your course grades. Students must earn at least a final grade of a “C” or better to continue in the program.

Q. Do you assist with job placement after graduation?
  A. The Medical Campus does assist graduates with job placement if positions are forwarded to the program.

Q. Do I need to take a test after graduation?
  A. To work as a Nuclear Medicine Technologist, a license is required in the state of Florida. This license requires that you pass the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists exam in Nuclear Medicine or the Nuclear Medicine Technology Certification Board exam.

Q. How much is an annual salary for graduates of this program in this area?
  A. In this area, entry-level graduates may expect to earn an annual salary of $43,000 if employed full-time in a hospital setting. This does not include a sign-on bonus, benefits or overtime.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
