Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Psychology is the science of human behavior and mental processes that affect mental and physical health. MDC's coursework for the associate in arts covers the science and mathematics subjects needed to transfer to a four-year institution to pursue further studies in this field.
This is a pathway program. The AA degree pathway is designed to prepare  students to transfer to four-year institutions by providing them with the  necessary general education credits and elective courses. Earning an Associate  of Arts (AA) degree at MDC guarantees admission into one of the state's public  universities where students can complete a bachelor's degree. An  advisor will work with you to determine which elective courses will lay the  best foundation for your selected major and continued studies.

Earn your degree fast. In just one year, you can earn your associate in arts a with a pathway to a degree in psychology
While the Bachelor’s degree in psychology could be useful in a number of careers, professional psychologists must continue to graduate study. Employment opportunities with a Doctorate or a Masters’ degree include teaching or counseling in a wide variety of settings.
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Get help on campus
305-237-8888
 Use Live Chat
Get direct help with admissions, registration, or any other questions you may have.Make an Appointment
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
