
The mission of the English and Communications Department of Miami Dade College – Kendall Campus is for each student to achieve proficiency in English in the following areas: reading, writing, speaking, and listening.
We prepare our students to read at the college level, to express themselves coherently in written and oral presentations, and to analyze and understand presentations made by others.
Through a wide variety of courses in composition, creative writing, journalism, speech and literature, the department seeks to encourage students to live an ethical and humane life, to explore human relationships, to think and act creatively, and to develop the critical analytical skills that foster effective communication in college, career and life.
Miami Dade College is committed to the pursuit of truth, and to the promotion of the values of responsibility and honor.
Provides students with individual support for English courses and as well as support in other courses that require writing.
Provides an area on campus which is specifically geared to helping students with all aspects of public speaking
Student publication in which student writers can polish their work for publication and learn the basics of editing, designing, illustrating, and other aspects of publishing.
English/Literature is the study of great written works and how they were shaped by historical and cultural events. This program also includes education courses to prepare students for careers as teachers. However, students who graduate with a bachelors’ degree in English are also equipped to work in publishing, and may be qualified to work as a writer in virtually any field.
Mass Communication examines the role of media in society. Coursework includes media criticism and analysis, U.S. history and government, sociology, and a study of the broadcast, cable and internet industries. Depending upon the student’s area of interest, study can also include journalism, and television and radio production. A bachelor’s in mass communication equips one to work in journalism, corporate communication, or in certain business or managerial positions in television or radio.
This program provides fundamental coursework in biology and communications so that students may transfer to a four-year institution. The curriculum leading to the Baccalaureate degree is usually designed as pre-professional education for a graduate program. Speech language pathologists and audiologists provide clinical services to individuals with speech, language and hearing impairments.
Department of English & CommunicationsMiami Dade College Kendall Campus11011 SW 104 StreetSuite 2206Miami, FL 33176
Phone: 305-237-2284
Hours of OperationMonday - Thursday8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Friday8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
