Home / MDC Jazz Faculty Quartet

            FALL 2023
            Wednesday, Sept. 13
            Noon
            Wolfson Auditorium, Room 1261
Watch the Livestream
A group of creative musicians with immense talent and polished skills, the MDC Jazz Faculty Quartet is an amazing ensemble of – and proud to be – Miami Dade College’s own.
Separately heralded as some of South Florida’s finest musicians, the quartet features saxophonist Mark Small, pianist Jim Gasior, bassist Patrick Leavy and drummer Ludwig Afonso. As diverse musicians with a variety of musical backgrounds, their performances project a blending of styles that possibly only come together with jazz.
A mainstay for this series, they are seen accompanying many of the visiting artists. As they are superb musicians themselves, they are occasionally featured individually at Jazz at Wolfson Presents concerts as guest artists.
In addition to their teaching responsibilities at MDC, these musicians are active in the jazz community performing at various venues on a variety of stages throughout South Florida, the United States and the world.
All concerts are free and open to the public. Live performances will take place at Wolfson Campus Auditorium, 300 N.E. Second Ave., Miami, FL 33132. Building 1, Room 1261. All performances will be livestreamed, except for those occurring on Tuesdays.


All concerts are free and open to the public. Live performances will take place at Wolfson Campus Auditorium, 300 N.E. Second Ave., Miami, FL 33132. Building 1, Room 1261. All performances will be livestreamed, except for those occurring on Tuesdays.

All concerts are free and open to the public. Live performances will take place at Wolfson Campus Auditorium, 300 N.E. Second Ave., Miami, FL 33132. Building 1, Room 1261. All performances will be livestreamed, except for those occurring on Tuesdays.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
