The School of Science supports undergraduate research opportunities for MDC students enrolled in a science, technology, engineering or mathematics (STEM) pathway.
The Council on Undergraduate Research defines it as:
An inquiry or investigation conducted by an undergraduate student that makes an original intellectual or creative contribution to the discipline.
Research is a process to discover new knowledge by using a systematic investigation. It’s different from other forms of discovering new knowledge, like reading a book or going to class, because you use the scientific method to discover the knowledge.
The School of Science has opportunities for students to participate in undergraduate research experiences every summer semester. Students are paired with a faculty mentor to work on a project related to the mentor’s scholarly work or ongoing research. Your mentor will get you started on a project, teach you the tools and techniques, and provide the resources that you will need for your research. The School of Science will provide you with professional skills workshops that complement what you are learning from your mentor and help prepare you to share your research with others.
MDC offer the following STEM pathways:
*Please note that these are the eligibility requirements for research sponsored by federal grants from the U.S. Department of Education, U.S. Department of Agriculture, and the National Science Foundation. If you are interested in participating in undergraduate research and do not meet the citizenship requirement, please reach out to us. We may have additional opportunities that you can participate in.
Orientation
Research Ethics
Online Research Best Practices
Abstract and Scientific Writing
Professional Skills Workshops:
Prime Academy Workshops
Orientation
Research Ethics
Data Analysis and Presentation
Abstract and Scientific Poster Preparation
Collaborative Institutional Training Initiative (CITI)courses.
Bi-weekly reports
Research in Action
Abstract and five-page scientific research paper
Deliverables:
Collaborative Institutional Training Initiative (CITI) courses.
Bi-weekly reports
Research in Action
Abstract and Scientific Poster
Present at the annual Undergraduate Research Symposium in October
Partner Institutions and Research Sites:
Florida Atlantic University, Florida International University, Miami Dade College, NOVA Southeastern University, University of Florida, University of Miami, and St. Thomas University.
Summer research culminates with the annual School of Science STEM + Interdisciplinary Undergraduate Research Symposium. The event recognizes MDC students who conduct authentic research during the year. These students showcase their research findings through oral and/or poster presentations. We welcome an industry expert to give the keynote address and end with an award ceremony.
If you are interested in Research Experiences for Undergraduates (REUs) beyond MDC, please check STEM Student Central or see the links below.
Don’t see a specific opportunity? Join the STEM Student Central Community to learn about more research opportunities or email SchoolofScience-STEM@mdc.edu for help finding the right internship.
Please use the form below to ask us any questions you may have.
