Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Mission of the Nuclear Medicine Technology Program at Miami Dade College is to provide a comprehensive, sequential curriculum in the nuclear medicine imaging services built on the foundation of the general education already acquired in order to develop a Nuclear Medicine Technologist, competent in knowledge, skills and behaviors, so that he/she will become an effective member of the health care team.
Miami Dade College has adopted the General Education Outcomes listed below. Upon completion of a program of study at the Medical Campus, graduates from Miami Dade College should emulate these outcomes.
Nuclear Medicine Technology Programs Goals
SLO #1- By the completion of the program, the Nuclear Medicine Technology Program student will demonstrate effective written, oral, and reading communication skills with patients/clients, other health care providers, and the community.
SLO #2: By the completion of the program, the Nuclear Medicine Technology Program students demonstrate legal, ethical, and professional behaviors. Specifically, adherence to HIPPA, JACHO standards, DOT regulations, and NRC regulations.
SLO #3: Nuclear Medicine Technology Program student will perform a systematic plan for patient/client assessment and/or management of patient/client data.
SLO #4: By the completion of the program, the Nuclear Medicine Technology Program student will demonstrate the required skills to become a competent health care practitioner.
Graduate achievement data is an indicator of program effectiveness, demonstrating the extent to which a program achieves its goals. The current report on graduate achievement data, identified by program, is available on the JRCNMT website. It may be reviewed at the following link:  Graduate Achievement Report.
 
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
