Your opinion matters
To explore the  feasibility of moving towards online student feedback surveys for potential  College-wide adoption, the Division of Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness 
        piloted an  online product - Watermark's Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES, formerly EvaluationKIT) between Fall Term 2016 and Summer Term 2019  that allows student feedback surveys to be generated and tabulated  electronically with an easy integration through the Learning Management System (Canvas).  
During this  implementation process, faculty were not be penalized for low response rates  due to shortened administration windows, user error, or software/technical  errors.
Students can complete their surveys by computer, tablet, or phone. The surveys are 100% anonymous. 
        The data is collected in   Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES, formerly EvaluationKIT). The surveys (Classroom and Alternate) are the same surveys that have always been used for the College’s Student Feedback Administration.
Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES, formerly EvaluationKIT) offers built-in reporting features that allow instructors and administrators to view results in reports, bar-charts, and even download the raw data files. Instructors and administrators can access results within a few clicks and view summary reports for the courses they teach or the areas they oversee.
Opt-out
This option is only available for Continuing Contract faculty in the Fall Term.
Continuing Contract faculty who choose not to participate, must complete the Opt-out Form no later than the last Friday of September.This option is limited to Continuing Contract Faculty with a start date prior to Fall 2019 planning a paper-based administration for In-person and Blended courses.
Opt-in
This option is only available for Continuing Contract faculty in the Spring Term.
Continuing Contract faculty who choose to participate, must complete the Opt-in Form no later than the last Friday of January.
Below are the response rates for the Online Student Feedback Administration since Fall 2019.
View data from previous Academic Years.
Alternative Surveys are administered in courses such as Co-Op, Independent Studies, Competency-based Education and MDC Online. 
Classroom Surveys are administered in traditional classroom courses, including Web-enhanced, Blended and Labs. The last administration was Fall 2019.
Notes:
 Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES, formerly EvaluationKIT) SSO Login


For technical assistance, please contact the office of Assessment, Evaluation and Testing:
AET@mdc.edu


Silvio Rodriguez
P: 305.237.7492
silvio.rodriguez@mdc.edu


Marlen Gonzalez
P: 305.237.7481
mgonzal6@mdc.edu





 NOTICE



Effective Spring 2022 (2223), the online product used for Student Feedback – EvaluationKIT has been replaced with its new name, Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES).  The name change does not affect the functionality, workflows, and URLs of the system.


The default Student Feedback administration is online.
The  Assessment, Evaluation, and Testing (AET) office provides general guidance of  the student feedback administration to ensure that the actual conduct of the  feedback is handled efficiently and confidentially. 
Students  use the Course Evaluation & Surveys (CES, formerly EvaluationKIT) online platform for completing student  feedback. 
Students and instructors can access the online platform securely through Canvas without the need for an additional login or password. 
Instructors  and administrators use this platform to monitor feedback administration, and for  receiving the results of the student feedback. 
Paper-based administration is only available for Continuing Contract faculty with a start date prior to Fall 2019 who opt-out of the Online administration. Paper-based administrations are limited to In-person and Blended courses. Faculty receive a basic offline  report.




For technical assistance, please contact the office of Assessment, Evaluation and Testing:
AET@mdc.edu
Silvio Rodriguez
P: 305.237.7492
silvio.rodriguez@mdc.edu
Marlen Gonzalez
P: 305.237.7481
mgonzal6@mdc.edu
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
