The Honors College at Miami Dade College is a small collective of the region's brightest students supported by the resources of the largest institution of higher learning in the country.  Energized by Miami's growth, South Florida's diversity and MDC's attentive faculty and  directors, The Honors College lays a foundation that better prepares students for 21st century success.
Excelling  in your higher education isn’t only about the grades you make;  it’s  about making the grade in the  test that is life. Our students are challenged to go into the community at large to make change. From bi-weekly colloquia
                and service-learning opportunities to national and global seminars, every aspect of The Honors College experience inspires students
                to be well-rounded citizens of the world. As a result, they remain competitive and engaged in the world at large long after they graduate.
Your college isn’t just something you belong to, it’s something that belongs to you. The Honors College will encourage you to take ownership of your college
              career and step into the life that awaits you.
The Story is YOURS. The Honor is OURS.
The first associate degree program of its kind in the  U.S., the Dual Language program at The Honors College was launched in 2006.  Offering an intensive curriculum in English and Spanish exclusively at Padrón  Campus, the program is ideal for academically gifted, bilingual students.  Research shows that students who are bilingual reap increased cognitive,  personal and social development skills, become more marketable in the workplace  and have expanded job opportunities. In order to help students capitalize on  this, the Dual Language program challenges them to be more than just conversant  – they must become fully fluent in both languages and comfortable enough to conduct  business in Spanish and English.
Qualifications, criteria, procedures and how to apply


Find MDC Honors on Facebook
            



Find MDC Honors on Instagram
            



Find MDC Honors on Linkedin
            

Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
