Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The integration of Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies is revolutionizing business operations across various industries, from healthcare and finance to hospitality and entertainment. Streamlining workflows, enhancing customer experiences, increasing productivity and driving operational efficiency are outcomes that AI adoption can bring to the business landscape. To stay competitive, organizations need individuals that are aware of the practical applications of AI and how utilizing these systems can offer tangible advantages.
Whether you are an aspiring AI enthusiast or a seasoned professional seeking to upskill, the College Credit Certificate (CCC) in Artificial Intelligence Awareness offers the fundamental digital and AI competencies that employers are exceedingly looking for in today's competitive job market. A technology background is not needed as it is designed to empower individuals in varied disciplines to future-proof their careers by understanding the skills and knowledge needed to work effectively alongside AI systems.
If you are seeking a career in AI, you may progress your studies to the six-course CCC in Artificial Intelligence Practitioner. You may also boost your credentials by pursuing the Associate in Science in Applied Artificial Intelligence and then a Bachelor of Science in Applied Artificial Intelligence.
Being AI-aware is becoming increasingly important in today's rapidly evolving workplace. Understanding the technology behind AI systems, enhancing decision-making through machine learning data models and embracing opportunities enabled by AI while evaluating its ethical implications are valuable, adaptive skills for varied career paths.
MDC partners with leading technology companies and experts in AI to enhance educational programs and experiences for the next generation of technologists in order to help them launch successful careers in their chosen fields. To learn more, visit www.mdc.edu/aicenter/partnerships.
The School of Engineering and Technology has scholarships available that align with this program. Learn More.
This program takes one year or less.
The College Credit Certificate (CCC) in Artificial Intelligence Awareness is a three-course program suited for individuals in any field of study who are interested in learning about the applications of AI across a variety of industries, stages involved in a typical AI project and the ethical considerations when adopting AI technologies.

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
