The Equivalency of Training (EOT) process is for Out-of-State Federal Officers and previously certified Florida officers with a four year or more break-in-service pursuant to section 943.131(2), Florida Statutes and Florida Administrative Code (F.A.C.) 11B-35.009(4)(5).
The EOT allows an officer to be exempt from having to complete the full basic recruit academy.
You may be eligible for an exemption from the full basic training requirements if you were an officer in another state or with the federal government and meet the following requirements:
There can be no more than an 8 year break in employment as an officer. The break in employment is measured from the separation date of the most recent qualifying employment to the time a complete application requesting an exemption from training is submitted to a Criminal Justice Selection Center or criminal justice employing agency.
Once you are approved for an equivalency of training, you will need to demonstrate proficiency in the high liability areas and pass the state certification exam in the same discipline within 1 year of receipt of the approved Equivalency of Training CJSTC Form 76
If you do not complete the training and pass the State Officer Certification Examination within the 1 year time limit, you may apply for another exemption from training, but you must be eligible pursuant to Chapter 943.131(2), F.S. at the time of application.
By law, criminal justice employing agencies or selection centers are responsible for reviewing out-of-state or federal officer's employment and training to initially determine eligibility for exemption. The Florida Department of Law Enforcement does not determine a person's eligibility.
Upon collection, verification and authentication of documentation which establishes that you meet the training and experience requirements, a criminal justice employing agency or an assessment center must submit a completed Equivalency of Training CJSTC Form 76 to the FDLE for approval. (The applicant does not complete the CJSTC-76 form)
Documentation of one year's experience as an out-of-state or federal officer may consist of authentic copies of one or more of the following:
Documentation of prior training may consist of authentic copies of one or more of the following:
Once the request is processed, if approved for the exemption from training, you should enroll in the appropriate pre-exam training at a Commission-certified training center in order to demonstrate proficiency in the high liability areas and then take and pass the state certification exam.
Equivalency of Training Candidate Packet
Information on:
Download the Equivalency of Training Candidate Packet (PDF)
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
