Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
This certificate provides students with specialized knowledge in the content area of the intermodal movement of freight. The course offerings address the technical skills, procedures, processes, and occupation-specific skills affecting transport and logistics. 
All credits earned can be applied toward the School of Aviation's associate's degree in Transportation and Logistics. The AA degree pathway program is designed to prepare students to transfer to four-year institutions by providing them with the necessary general education credits and elective courses. 
                    Earning an Associate of Arts (AA) degree at MDC guarantees admission into one of the state's 11 universities where students can complete a four-year Bachelor's degree. An advisor will work with students to determine which elective courses will lay the best foundation for a selected major and continued studies in the field.
Topics studied in this certificate program include:



Air Cargo  
Rail Freight Operations
Trucking Operations
Transportation and Logistics





Career Prospects
Studies in this field prepare students for careers in a number of areas such as:

Cargo and Freight Agent
Freight Forwarder
Shipping, Receiving and Traffic Clerk

Program Location


Earning an Associate of Arts (AA) degree at MDC guarantees admission into one of the state's 11 universities where students can complete a four-year Bachelor's degree. An advisor will work with students to determine which elective courses will lay the best foundation for a selected major and continued studies in the field.
Topics studied in this certificate program include:

Studies in this field prepare students for careers in a number of areas such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
