As democracy’s college, Miami Dade College changes lives through accessible, high-quality teaching and learning experiences. The College embraces its responsibility to serve as an economic, cultural and civic leader for the advancement of our diverse global community.
Rights and Responsibilities Procedure

Please Note: Miami Dade College reserves the right to cancel classes and/or programs for which there is insufficient enrollment, to close a class when the enrollment limit in that class is reached and to make any schedule changes as necessary, including a change in time, days, credit, location or instructor. In the event of cancellation, the College will notify each registrant by email and will issue a full refund. Miami Dade College is not responsible for any other related expenses.
                        
As a college student, you now have control of your destiny. A college education not only prepares you for a profession, but it is also an important step in making you a more productive member of society. Miami Dade College takes great pride in offering a high quality and challenging learning environment that will expose you to myriad opportunities for discovery and growth. You also play a central role in fostering and maintaining a quality academic environment for yourself and others. 
Section 1009.286, Florida Statutes, establishes an "excess hour" surcharge for a student seeking a baccalaureate degree at a state university. It is critical that students, including those entering Florida colleges, are aware of the potential for additional course fees. "Excess hours" are defined as hours that go beyond 120% of the hours required for a baccalaureate degree program. For example, if the length of the program is 120 credit hours, the student may be subject to an excess hour surcharge for any credits attempted beyond 144 credit hours (120% x 120).
All students whose educational plan may include earning a baccalaureate degree should make every effort to enroll in and successfully complete those courses that are required for their intended major on their first attempt. Florida college students intending to transfer to a state university should identify a major or "transfer program" early and be advised of admission requirements for that program, including the approved common prerequisites. Course withdrawals and/or repeats, as well as enrollment in courses nonessential to the intended major, may contribute to a potential excess hours surcharge.


Equal Access/Equal Opportunity Statement
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information.


All students whose educational plan may include earning a baccalaureate degree should make every effort to enroll in and successfully complete those courses that are required for their intended major on their first attempt. Florida college students intending to transfer to a state university should identify a major or "transfer program" early and be advised of admission requirements for that program, including the approved common prerequisites. Course withdrawals and/or repeats, as well as enrollment in courses nonessential to the intended major, may contribute to a potential excess hours surcharge.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information.

                            On this page, you will notice references to other College policies and procedures. They are available for review in offices throughout the College, here on the Web, and in the campus library. You should take the time to become familiar with the details of these policies and procedures. Any questions that you may have should be directed to College personnel at these locations
                        
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
