Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Medical Campus offers a six-semester, two-year, Associate in  Science degree in Diagnostic  Medical Sonography Program. Attendance is full-time, during the day, and the  program averages up to 35 hours per week. Diagnostic Medical Sonography  students learn to obtain diagnostic images; analyze technical information  relevant to the scan; and evaluate sonograms for image quality and anatomical  abnormalities. Students will spend approximately 1,920 hours in supervised  clinical rotations.
                A series of general education and natural science courses are  associated with the Diagnostic Medical Sonography program at Miami Dade  College. Students interested in this program are required to complete these  general education and natural science courses prior to requesting a milestone review prior to enrolling in  discipline courses. Completion of these courses does not guarantee progression to the discipline  courses. 
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
The program provides learning experiences that enable the student to acquire  and assimilate the necessary technical competencies to function effectively as  a supportive health care provider in the Diagnostic Medical Sonography  profession. Graduates of the program are eligible for the following  credentialing examination processes administered by the American Registry of  Diagnostic Medical Sonography: Obstetrics and Gynecology, Abdomen, and Adult  Echocardiography. 

                  The Diagnostic Medical Sonography Program is highly demanding, therefore it is  recommended students work less than twenty hours per week. Students  should also consider family responsibilities before committing to a full-time  rigorous program. 

                  To facilitate the clinical portion of the program, students are assigned to  multiple clinical facilities within Miami-Dade County. Students are responsible  for their own transportation to the campus and to various agencies in the  community to which they are assigned for clinical experiences. Students  participating in the clinical portion of the program are required to complete  the Miami Dade College Student Health Record and criminal background check. Areas of study in in this program include:



Human Anatomy and Physiology
Adult Echocardiography
Obstetrician & Gynecology ultrasound
Abdominal Ultrasound-Extended





Career Prospects              

                  Students can sit for  certification exams in their last semester prior to graduation. Many of the hospitals and clinics in Dade County employ our students. The students will be in the same cohort for two years which leads to a  classroom setting that is warm, welcoming, and nurturing. Many of the students  form long lasting friendships while in program. 


Radiologic Technologist
Diagnostic Medical Sonographer
Magnetic Resonance Imaging Technologist

Program Location



                  To facilitate the clinical portion of the program, students are assigned to  multiple clinical facilities within Miami-Dade County. Students are responsible  for their own transportation to the campus and to various agencies in the  community to which they are assigned for clinical experiences. Students  participating in the clinical portion of the program are required to complete  the Miami Dade College Student Health Record and criminal background check. Areas of study in in this program include:


                  Students can sit for  certification exams in their last semester prior to graduation. Many of the hospitals and clinics in Dade County employ our students. The students will be in the same cohort for two years which leads to a  classroom setting that is warm, welcoming, and nurturing. Many of the students  form long lasting friendships while in program. 

This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
