Florida Statute, Section 1007.271 describes the dual enrollment program as the matriculation of an eligible secondary student or home education student in postsecondary courses that can be applied toward a career and technical certificate, or an associate or baccalaureate degree.  The credits that students earn through dual enrollment must also be used toward high school graduation.  The Florida State Board of Education has identified a list of dual enrollment courses that high schools shall accept toward meeting the high school graduation requirements. Additionally, Miami Dade College and Miami-Dade County Public Schools have agreed on a number of courses that are also available for dual enrollment.
Click here to find important information regarding the 2023-2024 Dual Enrollment Articulation Agreements with M-DCPS and MDC (Testing Section).
View Alternative Methods
Dual enrollment is available to students in grades 6 through 12. These students must meet the 3.0 GPA requirement and pass the appropriate sections of the ACCUPLACER/PERT, CLT, ACT, or SAT to enroll in college credit courses requiring competency in the associated placement area. Refer to Section I. The developmental education testing exemptions do not apply to dual enrollment students. Effective with the 2022-2023 Dual Enrollment Articulation Agreement, alternative methods may be used for these students.
Minimum-College-Ready-Placement-Test-Scores
All courses on the approved list, except for SLS 1125, SLS 1401, SLS 1502, and SLS 1510 require college-ready placement status in reading and writing. Students who are deficient in writing and/or reading skills may not enroll in college credit English courses or other college credit courses on the approved list, until they have demonstrated proficiency in reading and writing by passing the appropriate sections of a basic skills assessment test.
Students may not earn more than twelve (12) college credit hours prior to demonstrating proficiency in the basic skill areas of reading, writing and mathematics. Exceptions may be granted provided that the student is concurrently enrolled in a secondary course(s) in the subject area for which the student has been deemed deficient by the postsecondary assessment.
Students who have accumulated twelve (12) college credit hours and have not yet demonstrated proficiency in the basic skill areas of reading, writing and mathematics must be advised, in writing by the school district, of the requirements for associate degree completion and state university admission, including information about future financial aid eligibility and also the potential costs of accumulating excessive college credit, as outlined in the Florida Department of Education, Policy 1009.286, F.S.
Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness
To contact a member from our team, please visit the Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness contact page.
SIE Service Request Form
Login to SharePoint Site
Visit Testing and Assessment
Please take a moment to fill out a Assessment, Evaluation, and Testing Survey of Satisfaction. The information you provide will help improve the quality of services provided.
