The School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies  strives to create a supportive environment to enhance the MDC college experience. Through various services, activities, and resources, the faculty and staff are committed to guiding you to fulfill your academic and professional goals.
We encourage you to be a part of the School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies  community by attending our student events, meeting with our academic advisors, joining our student organizations, and connecting with students, faculty, and staff that make up our community.
Our dedicated team of advisors can help you choose your courses and create an Individualized Education Plan (IEP) based on your personal goals and career path. A solid education plan will create a clear road map to achieving personal, academic, and career success. Appointments are available for students who intend to major or are interested in our School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies  Bachelors, Associates, and Credit Certificates by calling (305)237-8161 or in person in room 9111 and 8307. To call or email your School of Justice Academic Advisor directly, visit our contact page.
Communities of Interest (COI) offers a series of career focused activities including:
For more information, please reach out to our Justice Communities of Interest contact
Do the Write Thing—In the modern workplace, the ability to communicate effectively is consistently listed as a top skill desired by employers. To ensure our students develop this important skill, the School of Justice has a designated Writing Coach infused in certain courses. Additionally, you may request individualized assistance with any course writing assignment.
Get involved by joining our Justice Student Clubs:
The School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies  is proud to offer our Bachelor Students with a 3.2 GPA or above, the opportunity to join the prestigious Honor Society – ALPHA PHI SIGMA (the national honor society for Criminal Justice majors).
Department Numbers, Driving Directions and help information is available on our contact page
Financial aid is provided on the basis of demonstrated need. Miami Dade College participates in all federally and state funded financial aid programs. Students may apply online or by mail. Application may be picked up from any MDC Financial Aid office. For more information, contact the Financial Aid office at 305-237-1058.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
