Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
Concerns in Online Classes
As a first step, students are encouraged to discuss their concerns  directly with the online faculty, if that is not satisfactory the student must  follow the MDC online supervisory chain of command as listed below. 
Distance Learning Complaint Process for Out of State Students
              If you are an out-of-state student taking online courses via MDC Online  and you believe that your complaint still has not been addressed satisfactorily  by the College and you have fully exhausted the complaint or grievance  procedure at the College, then you must complete the applicable state grievance  procedure by contacting the Florida Department of Education Florida College  System. For additional information, visit http://fldoe.org/schools/higher-ed/fl-college-system/about-us/complaints.stml. If you feel  your complaint has not been addressed satisfactorily by the Florida Department  of Education Florida College System, then you may appeal the complaint to the  FL-SARA Council via the SARA Portal Entity in FL within two years of the  incident. For additional information, visit: https://www.fldoe.org/sara/complaint-process.stml.
For more information, please see MDC Procedure 4032 Student Complaints at https://www.mdc.edu/procedures/Chapter4/4032.pdf.
 Login to Canvas
 Live Chat Support
The Student Support Center can help resolve technical issues and answer questions about current and future courses and semesters. Current and prospective students can submit a ticket by emailing online@mdc.edu and will receive a response from the Student Support team.
For more information and assistance, please contact our Student Support Center:
Phone:305-237-3800
Email Us:online@mdc.edu
Schedule an Appointment:
Set up an appointment to meet with an MDC Online Student Support Team Member
Hours:
			Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET
			Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
