Practice Makes Perfect
Practice Your Interviewing Skills 
Work one-on-one with a Career Coach.
SCHEDULE AN APPOINTMENT
Preparation is the key to interviewing success. Be prepared to answer questions like these: 
S.T.A.R. stands for Situation, Task, Action and Result. It’s a format you can use to prepare complete and confident answers. Write down your S.T.A.R. response to each of the interview questions above so you can remember what you want to say. The key to interviewing success is preparation.
Detail the background. Provide a context. Where? When?
Describe the challenge and expectation. What needed to be done? Why?
Elaborate your specific action. What did you do? How? What tools did you use?
Explain the results. Accomplishments, recognition, savings, etc. Quantify.
Describe a situation when you had to deliver excellent customer service following a complaint.
A customer complained that they’d waited more than two weeks for a reply from our sales team regarding a product question.
I needed to address the client’s immediate question and find out what went wrong in the process.
I apologized, got the details and connected them to our lead salesperson, who contacted the client within the hour. I investigated why the question hadn’t been answered. I discovered that it was a combination of a wrong cellphone number and a generic email address that wasn’t being checked. I let the client know and we offered a goodwill discount on her next order.
The client not only continued to order from us but posted a positive customer service tweet.
Select 3 questions to ask the interviewer at the end of the interview from the choices below or create your own questions.
How to answer difficult questions
Additional Interviewing Tips
After the interview, always send a thank-you letter within two business days.
Content 1
Any employer with a quick turnaround time between interview and oﬀer should get an email.
If you have time, pen and paper always make the best impression. If you have handwriting that is difficult to read, type a formal letter instead and mail it to the employer within 48 hours of your interview.
Dear Ms. Jones,
                            Thank you for meeting with me to discuss the Communications Internship. Our talk confirmed my interest in joining the Ace Tech team. I’m eager to use my writing and multi-media skills in support of your popular monthly newsletter. My classroom and work experiences have prepared me to meet your communications needs. I look forward to hearing from you soon!
                            Sincerely,
                            Amanda Getajob
See a thank you letter sample
See a thank you letter template
FOR FACULTY
                    Schedule a classroom presentation or practice interviews for your students.
                
MDCWORKS@mdc.edu
305-237-9675 (WORK)

Instagram
                        

Linkedin
                        
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
