Career options for trained paralegals are continuing to expand. Paralegals are trained as legal professionals who can perform substantive legal work under the supervision of attorneys. While paralegals cannot give legal advice, set fees, negotiate or represent clients in court, they are an integral part of the legal community.
							
Miami Dade College offers a Paralegal Studies Program which has a celebrated reputation throughout the legal community. After graduation, those who desire may apply to transfer to a university to complete a four-year degree.
The program is an Associate of Science Degree which requires completion of eighteen credits in general education courses and forty-six credits in the paralegal studies major. The goal of the program is to prepare graduates for entry-level positions as paralegals. Courses include a theoretical foundation in the law and assignments involve a practical application of the skills paralegals execute in the workplace.
The program is for anyone who wants to work in the legal field. The student body is diverse. Most students work full-time. Some students have prior college experience whereas others have already completed a degree. Many students work in the field and are simply upgrading their skills. Others enroll to change careers or to explore an interest in law school.
Does the Paralegal Studies Program offer job assistance or job placement?
	Law firms and other agencies frequently submit open position requests to The Law Center. These job opportunities are posted on our Job Posting Bulletin board located in Rm. 3506 of the Wolfson Campus. We also forward the postings to our students that are subscribed to our online job listserv.
If I do not pass the math portion of the CPT (College Placement Test), why do I need to take remedial math courses since math is not required in the program? 
	The State of Florida requires students to pass all portions of the College Placement Test (CPT). Anyone who does scores below College level on any portion of the CPT must complete a prescribed college prep course in that discipline in order to begin the program.
Can I obtain an Associate in Arts Degree in addition to my Associate in Science Degree?   
	Absolutely! You must take five additional general education classes (15 additional credits) to complete the A.A. Degree. It is highly recommended that you consult with a Law Center advisor for more information on this great opportunity.
What is the difference between the internship and the co-operative education course?
	Students who work in a legal atmosphere or are able to work with the legal department within their current job are required to take the practicum, also commonly referred to as the Co-op. Those that do not work or are working in a non-legal related field are required to take the Internship. The Internship requires the student to work twenty hours per week at the Internship site provided by the department.
How do I apply for graduation? 
	In order to apply for graduation, you must schedule an appointment with a Law Center advisor for an Exit Interview. During the Exit Interview, your advisor will go over your degree audit, verify that you qualify for your exit course (whether it's the Internship or Co-operative education course), register you for your last semester classes, and then he/she will assist you in submitting your graduation application.
Are credits rewarded to students for work experience?
	Unfortunately no. The State of Florida prohibits public institutions from awarding such credit.
Are courses available online or at other campuses?
	All course requirements for the Paralegal Studies Program must be taken at the Wolfson Campus. However, the general education course requirements (such as ENC 1101, ENC 1102, PSC 1515, CLP 1006, and SPC 1017) may be taken at any campus or online. It is necessary to see a Law Center advisor before registering each term.
Additional information including admission information, courses, career prospects and paying for college available at the MDC Academics Associate in Science Degree in Paralegal Studies
Wolfson Campus
			300 N.E. 2nd Avenue
			Miami, FL 33132
			Suite 3506
			P: 305-237-7813

Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
