Your opinion matters
Administrators, Faculty and Students can view Student Feedback reports online via their login user account. Reports are accessible throughout the year. Administrators and Faculty should refer to the Interpretation Guides when reviewing the reports.
New  reports from Student Feedback are made available on Wednesday of the second week of the subsequent term. Reports from the Fall Term will be available in January, reports from the Spring Term will be available in May, and reports from the Summer Term will be available in September.
Student Feedback reports for cross-term courses, courses that start in one term and end after the last day of that term, will be processed by the Testing and Assessment Department during the term in which the course ends.
Students should remember that the feedback results are only one source of information about classes and faculty. It is always advisable to speak with academic or faculty advisors and department chairpersons, as well as review course descriptions and syllabi before selecting classes.
Student Feedback reports will be available on Wednesday of the second week of the subsequent term.
Student Feedback Reports Prior to Summer 2017 (2175)
Classroom and alternate survey reports prior to Summer Term 2017 (2175) are available via the links below, including Virtual College prior to Fall Term 2016 (2167).
Effective with the Summer Term 2017 (2175) paper-based administration, faculty receive basic offline reports via the Campus Testing and Assessment Directors.
Online Student Feedback Reports
Reports since Fall Term 2016 (2167) are available via the link below, for faculty who participated in the online student feedback administration.
Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES, formerly EvaluationKIT) Access for Administrators and Faculty EK Quick Guide for Faculty  
Note: Spring 2020 Student Feedback administration was cancelled due to COVID-19 and transition to remote learning. View the Provost memo here.
Online Student Feedback by Course College-wide
Reports by course college-wide since Fall Term 2017 (2177) are available via the link below. This data is a special analysis based upon Online Student Feedback results.
Student View
Students can access faculty feedback ratings.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
