The Hialeah Campus became MDC’s seventh campus in 2005, serving the Greater Hialeah-Miami Lakes area. Offered courses support careers in Computer Technology, Office Technology, Electronics and Early Childhood Development, among others. The campus houses a large and comprehensive English language training program for speakers of other languages in various instructional formats.
In 1990, Homestead became the College’s fifth campus. It was opened in the historic downtown district of the City of Homestead with the mission to deliver a full range of
        higher education programs for the Homestead/Florida City communities. The campus also enhances the community’s cultural and social footprint. It played an important role in the rebuilding effort after Hurricane Andrew.
The Kendall Campus, situated on a 185-acre tract of trees and lakes, opened in 1967. It is home to a wide variety of academic programs and specialized institutes. The campus features 13 buildings equipped with the latest technologies,a wellness center, athletic fields and an Olympic-sized pool. The campus offers acomprehensive range of learning opportunities. Kendall provides students with transfer programs designed to facilitate the move to four-year institutions, programs that enhance and modernize professional and technical skills, and preparatory programs for licensing or certification. The campus is the home of MDC athletics.
In 1977, MDC opened its Medical Campus on 4.3 acres within the city’s medical/civic center complex. Along with the University of Miami School of Medicine, Jackson Memorial Hospital and the Veterans Administration Hospital, the campus forms the backbone of Miami’s health care community. The campus highlight is its new Center for Learning, Innovation and Simulation, a state-of-the-art facility designed to provide students with the training needed to excel in today’s fast-changing health care industry.
      The campus offers specialty disciplines in nursing and allied health.
Located on 245 acres in northern Miami-Dade County, this beautifully landscaped campus was the College’s first. It was built in 1960, on land that once hosted a World War II Naval air station. The main academic buildings of the campus surround a serene lake and lush walking paths. The campus is a gateway for students wishing to upgrade skills and complete one-year certificate programs, prepare for licensing exams or start working on a bachelor’s degree.
Padrón Campus (formerly Inter-American Campus) is located in the lively neighborhood of Little Havana. The campus is home of the School of Education, Dual Language Honors College, and the Translation and Interpretation Studies program. The campus offers comprehensive academic programs in business, accounting, computer information technology, transfer degrees, pre-nursing classes, and credit and non-credit opportunities to learn English or upgrade professional skills.
The West Campus opened for classes on March 1, 2006 and became a designated campus of Miami Dade College in June 2018, with the approval of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges. It serves one of the fastest-growing locales in Miami-Dade County, including Doral and surrounding areas. Academic classes and corporate training programs are offered at the campus, which promises to be the next exciting learning environment for the Greater Miami community.
The Wolfson Campus opened in 1970 by holding classes in the storefronts of downtown Miami. With the completion of the campus’ first permanent facility in 1973, Wolfson catalyzed a downtown renaissance by hosting all manner of civic and cultural discourse. It is the only comprehensive urban campus in the city. Located within the city’s financial, governmental, technological and cultural hubs, the campus capitalizes on its unique geographic resource by offering programs in banking/financial services, business, computer technology, paralegal studies, architecture, economics, hospitality management, engineering, the arts, humanities and social sciences. Wolfson is credited with helping spark Miami’s cultural rebirth.
MDC’s Gibson Education Center is an outreach facility offering a wide range of traditional credit courses, career readiness training, college preparedness programs and personal enrichment seminars at a location that is open to all, but especially convenient to the community of Coconut Grove and surrounding neighborhoods. The Gibson Educational Center is nestled in the heart of Coconut Grove just six blocks south from the business district of Coco Walk and equipped with three state of the art classrooms with a fully modern computer lab. Whether students are looking to upskill, prepare for industry certifications and exams such as the ACT, SAT, or PERT, or simply get a head start through dual enrollment, the Gibson Education Center is here to help.
The Carrie P. Meek Entrepreneurial Education Center (MEEC) is a major outreach center of the North Campus, founded in 1989. The Center offers a vast array of college credit
and non-credit courses. There are opportunities to pursue certificate and vocational programs as well as take part in a variety of seminars, conferences and workshops. Students at
the MEEC can obtain workforce and business skills training to enter the labor market or become successful entrepreneurs.
The accreditation of MDC’s campuses and centers falls under the College’s institutional accreditation by the Southern Association of College and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC). For more information about MDC’s accreditation, visit the Accreditation.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
