Your opinion matters
Below is a list of the most frequently asked questions. Click or tap on any of the questions to view the answer. For additional information, please contact the Human Resources Division.
Reminder: Full-time faculty, staff and administrators hired on or before Monday, November 6, 2023 are eligible to submit feedback on their direct supervisor.
Full-time faculty, staff and administrators hired on or before Monday, November 6, 2023 are eligible to submit feedback on their direct supervisor.
The period of time covered is from March 1, 2023, to the end of the annual survey administration period.
Yes.
Each full-time faculty, staff and administrator will receive an electronic communication with the name of the supervisor for whom he/she can give feedback. Instructions on how to complete the feedback survey will be included. You will be able to access the feedback survey whether you are onsite or in remote work by clicking on the link provided to www.mdc.edu/supervisorfeedback.
You will be asked to enter your credentials. To sign in, enter the following:
All responses made by each individual are anonymous.
The administration period is from Monday, February 5, 2024 through February 29, 2024. Completed surveys must be submitted no later than 11:59 p.m. on February 29, 2024.
Eligibility is based on full-time active employment status of at least 90 calendar days prior  to the beginning of the administration period on February 5, 2024
Supervisors' Feedback is based on full-time active employment status of at least 90 calendar days prior to the beginning of the administration period (see #5 above). This criterion also applies to your status in a supervisor role at the predetermined cut-off date of November 6, 2023. If you were hired or promoted to a full-time supervisor position after that date (Monday, November 6, 2023), you will not receive feedback in 2023.
The supervisor data captured from MDConnect reflects the organizational structure as of Friday, December 15, 2023. You will be evaluated by the subordinates identified in MDConnect on December 15, 2023.
Yes. The recommended step is to complete the survey.
You will evaluate your direct supervisor as defined and maintained in MDConnect’s organizational data on December 15, 2023. Each department reviews the data prior to implementation of the feedback program to ensure the accuracy of reporting structure.
You should notify your direct  supervisor. Note: Submit change  requests to the Compensation  Department via email to HRCompensation@mdc.edu. Requests will be reviewed and will  be made in MDConnect, if appropriate. However, changes cannot be made on the Supervisors’ Feedback  survey for submission in this administration cycle.
Your survey will list the supervisor identified by MDConnect on December 15, 2023. If the individual is no longer in that position, you may submit the survey regardless. If the position is vacant or was vacant on December 15, 2023, you will not be eligible to participate in this administration cycle.
Any changes in the reporting structure must be submitted to the Compensation Department in the Division of Human Resources via email to HRCompensation@mdc.edu.
It is vital to include  the following information in the email:
Upon receipt/review of this information, appropriate changes will be made in MDConnect.
No. All responses made by each individual are anonymous and combined with all other responses. Responses are not summarized by job classification in the report the supervisor receives. Individual responses are anonymous. However, if you are the only subordinate and you choose to respond, it would be evident that it  was you.
Yes. If you need special accommodations regarding the completion of  the online survey, contact Laura Marks, Human Resources at ext. 7-0289 or via email at lmarks@mdc.edu.
No. Written comments are not part of the Supervisors’ Feedback Form.
Each supervisor will be able to  view his/her feedback report online in early March. Supervisors will receive an email from Human Resources the day  prior to reports availability, which  will also include a link to the Interpretation Guide for Supervisors Feedback Report. This report will also be made available online to his/her direct supervisor, as well as the respective area head.
The report will contain responses to each item on the feedback survey. Individual responses will not be included; all responses will remain anonymous.
No. Responses  are not individually identified. All responses made by each individual are anonymous and combined with all other responses. However, if you are the only  subordinate and you choose to respond, it would be evident that it was you.
Questions regarding the Supervisors’ Feedback Program can be directed to Laura Marks, Human Resources at ext. 7-0289 or via email at lmarks@mdc.edu.
REMINDER: Supervisors’ Feedback is a resource to be utilized by managers to assist in the performance review process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
