Changemaker Week | September 18th - 24th
In September 2023, we celebrated Changemaker Week, a first-of-its-kind activation experience highlighting MDC's collegewide committment to changemaking. The weeklong conference took place across our eight campuses and throughout neighborhood communities, and engaged close to 4,000 individuals through 82 different events.
The aim of the conference was to raise awareness, engage community, initiate calls to action, offer professional development opportunities and support our Shark community in embracing its changemaker identity. Please visit our photo gallery to see some of the images from that exciting, record-breaking week.
View our Photo Gallery
You can make the world a better place by learning deeply about issues that matter 
        to you and taking action to create positive change in those areas. 
There are many ways to create change: volunteering for 
        service, advocating for policy or systemic change, assisting with critical fundraising, 
        proposing creative and innovative solutions, or running ventures that support social and environmental concerns. 
        Whatever their path of action, changemakers thrive on keeping a positive frame of mind, an 
        entrepreneurial spirit and the determination to work for the benefit of all. 
Axianax Merone
Rodrigo Garcia Gomes
As a leading institution, MDC has received the honor and distinction of being designated an Ashoka U Changemaker Campus. Learn what that means and how you can make change possible by working to create an
            “everyone a changemaker” world. 
The ability to understand another’s perspective and actively develop compassion for their feelings, experiences and needs.
The ability to intentionally engage in planned self-awareness, critically thinking about and evaluating immersive experiences and oneself.
The ability to endure and persevere through challenging experiences, gaining insight and developing personal agency in the process.
The ability to proactively plan and implement activities to enrich oneself, build one’s community, and make the world a better place.
View more events
For Students
Being a changemaker is an advantage that you can 
          leverage in your career. 
          Changemakers stand out at work and make a difference in their community. 
Read more
For Faculty & Staff
Make the most of your role as a changemaker educator 
          by communicating your personal passion for positive impact and drawing on a variety of changemaking resources. 
Learn more
For Partners
As extensions of our classrooms, community partners work with us to 
          develop student changemakers, support their institutional missions, and model impactful collaboration for everyone. 
Learn more
Changemaking at MDC is a team effort. The Office of Changemaking Education and Social Innovation, 
        is a collaborative hub that brings together three institutes, 
        impact leaders and units from across MDC campuses, and a host of other community partners. Get to know our partners and institutes. 
Visit the Changemaker Hub and jump right in.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
