

We are currently accepting applications for the police academy.
        To apply, you must download BLE  Orientation Packet and submit all required documents and payment to nac@mdc.edu
Upon review, and confirmation that all documents have been  submitted you will receive an email with your scheduled appointment date for your CVSA and Psychological  test.
 For application payment please email northbursars@mdc.edu your BLE Application Payment Form  and they will process payment virtually.
Florida Law Enforcement Academy

The Florida Law Enforcement Academy Career Technical Certificate prepares students for certification as police officers in the state of Florida. The Full-Time Florida Law Enforcement Academy runs for approximately six months M-F, 8am-5pm. The School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies also conducts a Part-Time Florida Law Enforcement Academy that runs forapproximately nine months M-F 6pm to 10pm. The cost and requirements for this program are the same as the Full-Time Academy. The program emphasizes practical applications and competency-based performance.
This program is offered at the School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies only.  All Criminal Justice Standards Training Commission (CJSTC), as well as Department of Education (DOE) and local standards will be met.
The School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies at Miami Dade College offers a variety of driver improvement and vehicle safety courses. A full-time driving range is staffed by experienced current and retired police officers, including several instructors who have attained a Master Instructor rating from the State of Florida.
Interested in becoming a certified police officer? We offer day and evening police academies! To learn more about the police academy requirements, please download the Basic Law Enforcement Orientation packet and get started today!
Download Basic Law Enforcement Orientation Packet
Orientation is held every Tuesday at the North Campus at 6:00pm in Room 8116.  Come and have all your questions about the police academy answered.
IMPORTANT: As of July 1, 2022, section 943.17(1)(g) states that any candidate wishing to enter a law enforcement academy that either (i) is a veteran as classified in section 1.01(14), F.S., or (ii) holds an associate degree or higher from an accredited college or university is not required to take the Law Enforcement Basic Abilities Test. Please note that veteran is defined as being honorably discharged from military service. No other discharge classifications qualify. This does not apply to candidates wishing to enter a corrections academy. The Associate Degree must be from an accredited college or university. Your transcript needs to be submitted to Miami Dade College for approval before you proceed.
The School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies also offers specialized training programs for law enforcement in areas such as:
In-Service Training & Professional Development training programs
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
