Below you will find important information regarding the 2023-2024 Dual Enrollment Articulation Agreements with M-DCPS and MDC (Testing Section).
As of March 2022, Florida College System (FCS) institutions may use alternative methods in lieu of a common placement test to assess student readiness for college-level work in communication and computation. Alternative methods provide more options for institutions when determining how to assess student readiness for college-level work. FCS institutions may:
Dual enrollment and early admission students at MDC are required to demonstrate college readiness either by passing a college placement test or providing alternate methods for demonstrated achievement of communication and mathematics competencies.
A State approved common placement test can be given to eligible secondary school students.  MDC has established a Placement Criteria Manual that is updated each academic year. Section V of said manual document describes the procedures for testing and placement criteria for dual enrollment students.Early college/dual enrollment students must achieve specific scores on the appropriate sections of the ACCUPLACER NEXT-GENERATION, PERT, SAT or ACT, to enroll in college credit courses requiring competency in the associated placement area. High school students who have been identified as deficient in basic competencies in one of the following areas: I) reading and/or writing or 2) mathematics may still enroll in college credit courses in those curriculum areas in which they are proficient and which do not require the competency areas in which the student is deficient.  Middle school students (grades 6-8) must pass all 3 sections of the college placement exam.
MDC will only administer postsecondary readiness tests for the following categories of M-DCPS students: (I) students testing for dual enrollment, (2) students who have formally applied for admission to the School for Advanced Studies, (3) high school students already enrolled in the New World School of the Arts, and (4) high school participants in jointly sponsored or approved projects. These students have a total of two (2) placement attempts at MDC while they are in 6th through 8th grades, two new attempts while they are in 9th and I0th grades and two (2) new attempts while they are in 11th and 12th grades. The initial test counts as the first attempt and re-taking any subtest counts as the second and final attempt during any of the two-year periods. Remediation and a $10 testing fee to be paid by the student is required prior to any subsequent attempt. Students in these categories with an approved 0nline Placement Test Referral Form for Secondary School Students or for SAS may test on a remote basis or on a designated MDC campus on an exception basis, provided that MDC's Covid-19 safety policies, procedures, and guidelines permit, since the school district's preferred testing site is the student's school. Further details are available through the M-DCPS Student Assessment and Educational Testing Office and MDC District Testing Office..
M-DCPS can schools administer the Postsecondary Education Readiness Test (PERT) to their students under the direction of the District Office of Student Assessment and Educational Testing.
College placement tests place incoming students into appropriate college-level courses. When high school students have the opportunity to take a college placement test while still in high school, they can be given additional counseling about their future plans and assistance for advisement during high school.
The schools may use the results of the test to register students in remedial instruction prior to high school graduation. The remedial instruction should mirror the competencies of the highest level of Developmental Education coursework offered at MDC. The following high school level college readiness courses are scheduled to be offered through M-DCPS senior high schools, charter schools, adult vocational, and alternative centers:
Placement test scores are effective for two years and may be used to establish Bright Futures eligibility for the Florida Gold Seal Vocational Scholars Award.MDC and M-DCPS have agreed on a number of courses available for dual enrollment.  All courses, except for CLP 1006, SPC 1017, MUL 1010, ARH I000, HUM 1020, HUS 1001, HLP 1081, 1005, EDF 2085, SYIP/ Co-op Work Experience Courses, and Student Life Skills (SLS) courses SLS 1125, SLS 1401, SLS 1502, and SLS 1510 require college-ready placement status in reading and writing. For high school students who are only taking SLS courses, demonstration of readiness for college-level communication and computation (i.e. test scores or other alternate methods of eligibility) must be in the MDC record-keeping system prior to the completion of the course. Failure to have test scores or proof of readiness for college-level communication and computation will prohibit continued participation in the dual enrollment program.  Students who are deficient in writing and/or reading skills may not enroll in college credit English courses or other college credit courses on the approved list, until they have demonstrated proficiency in reading and writing. Middle school students (grades 6-8) must pass all sections of the college placement exam to be eligible for dual enrollment.
At MDC, students must utilize the Dual Enrollment Portal or complete a Dual Enrollment Program Form each term in order to retain enrollment eligibility. Through these modalities, M-DCPS school counselors will ensure that students maintain the necessary GPA in order to participate and retain dual enrollment eligibility. Students may enroll in a maximum of two (2) courses each term, excluding labs, in order to ensure academic success. Additional coursework must be approved by an Academic Dean and theM-DCPS District Office on a case-by-case basis.
The Dual Enrollment Coordinators check the student's grades in MDC's system to verify that student has successfully completed and passed the dual enrollment courses s/he registered for during the term. A student whose college GPA falls below 2.0 is ineligible to continue dual enrollment.
Students are provided web access to the MDC Student’s Rights and Responsibilities Handbook that contains the academic calendar, code of conduct, students' rights and responsibilities, grading and evaluation process, academic dishonesty, disciplinary procedures, as well as accommodations provided for students with disabilities.
Students may not earn more than twelve (12) college credits prior to demonstrating proficiency in the basic skill areas of reading, writing, and mathematics. Exceptions may be granted provided that the student is concurrently enrolled in a secondary course(s) in the subject area for which the student has been deemed deficient by the postsecondary assessment.
For example, students who are deficient in mathematics cannot enroll in any college credit mathematics courses or any other course that require mathematics skills that are beyond the skill level of the student as demonstrated using available placement methods, but may register for dual enrollment eligible college level courses that do not require mathematics skills. Students who are deficient in writing and/or reading skills cannot enroll in college credit English courses or any other dual enrollment eligible college credit courses that require communication skills that are beyond the skill level of the student as demonstrated using available placement methods,
Students who have accumulated twelve (12) college credit hours and have not yet demonstrated proficiency in the basic skill areas of reading, writing and mathematics, must be advised, in writing, by the school district of the requirements for associate degree completion and state university admission including information about future financial aid eligibility and also the potential costs of accumulating excessive college credit, as outlined in Section 1009.286, Florida Statutes.
MDC assigns grades for dual enrollment courses and the school district is prohibited from changing any grade assigned by the MDC when posting it to the high school transcript. Grades eared through dual enrollment courses become part of the student's permanent high school and college transcript. At the end of each term, MDC sends electronic dual enrollment transcripts to M-DCPS.
A student may lose the opportunity to participate in a dual enrollment course if the student is disruptive to the learning process such that the progress of other students or the efficient administration of the course is hindered.
Schedule Now
Submit Satisfaction Survey
