Federal regulations require students to be in good academic standing to receive financial aid. The awards affected by this rule include: Federal Pell Grant, Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant, Federal Work-Study, Federal Student Loans, TEACH Grant, and some state and institutional aid. Below are important questions to help you understand the College's SAP Policy:
GPA Calculation
For GPA purposes, the cumulative GPA is calculated using the following grades: A, B, C, D, F and U. Grades of I, S, P, NR and W do not affect your cumulative GPA. 
Grade changes may affect your GPA calculation. 
Estimated GPA Calculator
The required completion rate is 67%.  See formula below:
          Earned Credits divided by Attempted Credits
 Example: 9 earned credits ÷ 12 attempted credits = 75%
 Completion Rate 
All attempted and transfer credits will be used to  calculate the completion rate.  Grades of  F, U, W, I and NR will not count as earned credits. Any grade changes may  affect your completion rate.
Completion  of a program of study may not exceed 150% of the length of the program. For  example, if the length of an AA or AS degree is 60 credits, a student cannot  attempt more than 90 credits to complete the program and receive financial aid. 
 The  chart below shows the total number of credit hours allowed to complete a  program of study. Students who exceed the number of credits allowed will lose  eligibility.
Transfer credits are used to assess SAP status. Official transcripts must be submitted to the College before SAP is determined.
Developmental courses prepare students for college level coursework.  These credits are counted in your GPA and completion rate.  Credits in excess of 30 may affect the total credits allowed to complete your program of study.
To appeal please review the SAP Apeal  Guide.
Appeal approvals will not be applied to prior terms. For example, you may not submit an appeal for the fall term after the fall term has completed.
The Financial Aid team will review your progress at the end of the first term after approval. You must follow and pass your courses as listed on the MAP to remain eligible for aid. 
Access consumer-related resources 
 Single Stop offers students a wide array of services including benefits screening, free tax preparation, financial coaching, Food Pantry for Students and health insurance assistance. Find out more here.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
