Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Associate in Science in Cybersecurity is a National Security Agency (NSA) validated program that granted Miami Dade College the designation as a National Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense (CAE-CD). Students graduating from the AS in Cybersecurity receive the NSA validation in their transcript.
The Cybersecurity Associate in Science program prepares students for the  critical and growing need for cybersecurity personnel through hands-on  experience along with simulation training and group/team-based learning to  simulate a professional work environment.
The program provides students with the knowledge and skills defined by NSA for securing  computers, applications and networks, identifying threats, responding to  cyberattacks and mitigating their impact. Upon successful completion, students  will have the training to defend computer systems; scan, footprint, and  enumerate networks; perform penetration testing of applications, wireless  networks, and mobile platforms; collect and analyze digital forensic evidence;  and conduct incident response investigations.
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
Students are taught to: 

Career opportunities include, but are not limited to:
Students in this program will be prepared for exams in the following industry certifications:
               
                
CompTIA Security+
CompTIA Linux+
CompTIA Network+
CompTIA CySA+

Recognition
Miami Dade College is designated as a National Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense (CAE-CD) by the NSA. This designation includes NSA's validation of the Associate in Science in Cybersecurity for Academic Years 2022-2027.






Program Location


Miami Dade College is designated as a National Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense (CAE-CD) by the NSA. This designation includes NSA's validation of the Associate in Science in Cybersecurity for Academic Years 2022-2027.
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
 Visit the  Cybersecurity Center of the Americas
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
