Homestead Campus President
Prior to joining the Homestead Campus, Dr. Oscar Loynaz was vice president  for Workforce Programs and Professional Learning at MDC. In that role, he  oversaw the direction of the College's professional education programs and  served as the bridge between MDC and industry, ensuring students were prepared  to enter the workforce. Among his responsibilities was overseeing the School of  Global Business, Trade & Transportation; the School of Education; the  School of Engineering, Technology & Design; the School of Justice, Public  Safety & Law Studies; the School of Science; the School of Continuing  Education and Professional Development; the Office of Career and Technical  Education; the Idea Center, and MDC Works, a next generation career center. Dr.  Loynaz has also served as dean for the School of Health Sciences at the  College. 
Before joining MDC, Dr. Loynaz worked at Florida International University  for over 18 years, where he held several leadership positions in student health  services, as well as serving as an adjunct professor for the Center for Women's  and Gender Studies. Although trained as a physician, his professional career  has been dedicated to working in administrative roles managing operations and  finances in several public and private organizations including institutions of  higher education, hospitals, primary care centers, community-based  organizations, as well as local, state and federal agencies. During his 35-year  career, he has supported the residents of South Florida through his work  improving mental health services, HIV/AIDS prevention efforts, community  planning and service delivery. He also has a significant background in  education, having taught classes in a variety of subjects for over 20 years.
Visit the Homestead Campus Website
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
