The federal Campus Sex Crimes Prevention Act requires colleges and universities to issue a statement advising the campus community where state law enforcement agency information concerning registered sex offenders/predators may be obtained. The act also requires registered sex offenders/predators to provide to appropriate state officials notice of each institution of higher education in that state at which the offender/predator is employed, carries on a vocation, or is a student.
In accordance with Florida State Statute 775.21 (“The Florida Sexual Predators Act”) and Florida Statute 943.0435, convicted sex offenders in Florida must register with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE) within 48 hours of establishing permanent or temporary residence. The FDLE makes information concerning the presence of registered sexual offenders/predators available to local law enforcement officials and the public. It is then the responsibility of the county sheriff or the municipal police chief to make required notification to all community members of the presence of predators (only) in a manner deemed appropriate by the sheriff or police chief. It is the responsibility of the county sheriff to notify the university if an offender or predator is enrolled, employed, or carrying on a vocation at the university. MDC Public Safety is required to inform members of the campus community where to obtain information about such offenders/predators.
Any member of the Miami Dade College community who wishes to obtain further information regarding sexual offender/predators in our area may refer to the FDLE website at www.fdle.state.fl.us, call 1-888-FL-PREDATOR / 1-888-357-7332), or utilize the FDLE website searchable database for colleges/universities. The FDLE searchable database may be used to find all registered sex offenders in any city, county, or zip code in the state. FDLE has a new search tool, you can now access the searchable database using the University Search tab by using the link above.
