Verification is a review process in which the Financial Aid Department determines the accuracy of various data elements reported by the student/parent on the student's Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). The U.S. Department of Education selects approximately 30 percent of all aid applicants for verification. During the verification process the student and parent will be required to submit documentation to verify information on the financial aid application. The verification process ensures that eligible students receive all the financial aid they are entitled to receive.
Typically, students can expect to receive notification that they have been selected for verification within 14 business days after the Financial Aid Office receives the student's FAFSA results from the federal processors. The Financial Aid Office informs those students who have been selected for verification via e-mail and they can also review their status through their application tracking (Student Portal). The tracking letters will direct the student to submit required documents to their Financial Aid Office and or related departments (such as Admissions/Registration, Testing, Advisement).
Since academic aid years overlap calendar years, please refer to your online account for the year appropriate forms and documentation needed. All documents must be completed in their entirety signed and submitted physically or electronically to the Financial Aid Offices within 30 days of notification. If you do not submit the requested information as soon as possible you may lose funds otherwise available to you. See verification forms.
If you have an extenuating circumstance, which you believe, warrant a review of your eligibility for financial aid you must notify the Financial Aid Office as soon as possible. Please complete and submit this form along with appropriate supporting documentation to your Financial Aid Office.  If additional documentation is required, it must be submitted within 30 days from the request date to avoid a delay in processing. If your current year application was selected for verification, the verification process must be completed before a professional judgment can be processed. This request will not waive general student eligibility requirements. Your request will be reviewed and you will be notified of the decision via email.
The College may override a student's dependency status for federal financial aid purposes if unusual circumstances exist.  If you believe you have extenuating circumstances that warrant a review of your dependency status you must notify the Financial Aid Office as soon as possible. Please complete and submit this form along with appropriate supporting documentation to your Financial Aid Office.  If additional documentation is required, it must be submitted within 30 days from the request date to avoid a delay in processing. If your current year application was selected for verification, the verification process must be completed before a dependency override can be processed. This request will not waive general student eligibility requirements. Your request will be reviewed and you will be notified of the decision via email.
To ensure the financial aid team has sufficient time to process the records, all the documents must be submitted to the financial aid office eight weeks prior to the start of the term.
Apply or Renew Online
FAFSA School Codes
Attend a free workshop
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
