Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Your experience. Your time. Your education.
MDC Accelerate competency-based education (CBE) programs are designed in an accelerated and flexible online format for working professionals. Each program was designed with input from industry advisors.  While enrolled in the program, students will have opportunities to network with business leaders. 
How Does It Work?
The first step is to submit an application for admission. After taking the CBE readiness assessment and meeting with a department chair or advisor, the next step is to register for a CBE program. Once in the program, students complete online performance assessments to demonstrate competency. By demonstrating competency, a student sets his or her own pace through the course. MDC Accelerate allows students to spend more time with the material they need and less time with the material they already know.
To get started, apply to MDC and register for your CBE program of interest.
This certificate is designed to assess students on their mastery of the competencies and skills necessary for a successful career in financial services, particularly credit analysis. This program accelerates the leadership and professional development of those seeking employment in credit and business lending.For more information, please contact Financial Services at (305) 237-3151 or email: acruz1@mdc.edu
This certificate is designed to assess students on their mastery of the competencies and skills necessary for successful employment in construction offices or construction job sites.  Students will have acquired the ability to read and interpret drawings and complete construction estimates needed for pursuing a career in building inspection and quality control.
This certificate is designed to assess students on their mastery of the competencies and skills necessary for a successful career in the food and beverage industry. Students who complete this certificate program will have an industry-recognized academic credential and will be prepared for positions such as restaurant server, room service attendant or banquet set-up staff.For more information, please contact Shelly Fano at (305) 237-3370 or efano@mdc.edu.

This certificate is designed to assess students on their mastery of the competencies and skills necessary for a successful career in the lodging industry. Students enrolled in this certificate will have the opportunity to achieve industry-recognized academic credentials, and will be prepared for positions such as front desk agent, guest relations agent or reservation clerk.For more information, please contact Shelly Fano at (305) 237-3370 or efano@mdc.edu.
Call: 305-237-8888
Email:
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
