Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security  Administration (TSA) has identified national Homeland Security education  requirements for their employees. In response, MDC's School of Justice  has launched the Homeland Security College Credit Certificate. The  industry-sanctioned program consists of five college courses in Homeland  Security and Criminal Justice. The courses are designed to enhance the  knowledge and skills of TSA employees and other individuals interested in  public safety. Credits from the College Credit Certificate can be applied  towards an Associate’s degree in Criminal Justice. Students can continue their  education and the Bachelor’s degree in Public Safety Management. 
This certificate program requires fewer credits than an A.S. degree and functions as an entry-level credential when entering the workforce. College credits granted with this certificate apply toward a related A.S. degree. Students may stack credentials to advance toward a higher degree level. 
Students will be prepared  to work in  homeland security and other criminal, justice, legal, or public service-related fields. The program also provides initial or supplemental training for persons previously or currently employed in these occupations:

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
