Explore different avenues of investigation and creation using 3-D printing, laser cutting, CNC fabrication, light metal working, CAD workshops and on-site expert assistance.
Available to students and faculty at no charge.
Give us a call or drop by and bring us your ideas.
Miami Dade College, Wolfson Campus300 N.E. Second Ave., Room 1164Miami, FL 33132
Monday-Friday, 8:30 a.m.-5 p.m.
305-237-3470makerslab@mdc.edu
The Makers Lab at Wolfson Campus is a creative, problem-solving space where ideas take physical shape. Free and open to the MDC community, the Makers Lab is equipped with high-precision industrial tools that make it easy to produce an accurate prototype, model or replica of virtually any object, using a wide range of materials and computer-aided design (CAD) software.
Collaboration and experimentation are key to innovation at the Makers Lab, where students are encouraged to work with peers from other academic disciplines in order to identify problems and search for solutions from various perspectives.
New to "Making?" 
We will help you become a Maker with on-site assistance and free CAD workshops throughout the academic year.
Who is a Maker? 
                    Anyone can be a Maker. MDC students of all backgrounds and study disciplines are welcome to use the Lab as a space for creative exploration through the use of technology.
What if I Have No Making Experience? Bring your ideas and be prepared to learn. Makers Lab staff members provide guidance for the use of software and equipment. Workshops in CAD software are frequently offered at the Lab.
What Can I Make? 
                    You can make many types of things. For example, you can print 3-D designs, build a robotic arm, sew programmable lights into a garment, laser etch a culinary design, or design and prototype parts. The possibilities are endless.
How Much Does it Cost to Use the Lab? 
                    There is no charge to use the Makers Lab for most projects. If a project requires an unusual amount of material, please talk with a staff member or send an email to: makerslab@mdc.edu, for information on how and when it may be necessary to order additional materials. 
Is the Lab Open to the Public?
                    The Makers Lab is exclusively for the use of the MDC community. Any actively enrolled MDC student, faculty or staff member with a valid MDC ID may utilize the Lab.
Please consider helping to expand our charitable work by making a 100% tax-deductible donation. Your gift in any amount is appreciated.
   MAKE A GIFT

                    The Makers club of Miami Dade College is a student-run organization for which the main purpose is to facilitate the realization of projects made by students of the college.
Visit the Makers Club SharkNet Page
Visit Our Instagram Page
Visit Blackboard Collaboroate
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
