TOP PROSPECTS AWAIT
Finding the perfect candidate has never been easier. MDC WORKS offers a variety of solutions to make the recruiting process as simple and seamless as possible.
Register Your Company
We have the perfect solution for your hiring needs.
Connect with talent! Share your organization’s culture, interview process, and career paths with MDC students and alumni.
Get exposure! Add your open positions to MDC’s job board.
Hire a shark! Recruit MDC students and graduates on all eight campuses at industry-specific Career Fair events.
Come on campus and host your interviews in our state of the art career studio facility at the Wolfson Campus.
Create a pipeline of talent to fill your hiring needs.

Register Your Company or Login
Require faculty approval and are mandatory for some academic programs. To receive credit, students must complete at least 144 hours in one semester.
Don’t require faculty approval. Students are encouraged to participate in non-credit internships to gain valuable work experience. 
Interns receive at least the federal minimum wage for the services they provide within the “for-profit” or private sector, plus overtime. 
Interns receive educational benefit only and understand that they’re not entitled to wages or a job.
Internships should coincide with Miami Dade College’s academic calendar: 
LOG IN TO HANDSHAKE
INTERNSHIP GUIDELINES FOR EMPLOYERS
INTERN PERFORMANCE REVIEW
INTERNSHIP TOOLKIT
Host an Intern through the Internship Course through the Bachelor of Applied Science in Business program in the areas of Human Resources, Supervision and Management, Supply Chain Management, Hospitality and Tourism. For more information click on the links to the documents below. Contact MDC WORKS Career Studio for more information. 
INTERNSHIP LEARNING CONTRACT
DAILY LOG TO TRACK 144 HOURS
INTERNSHIP AGREEMENT
“The delicate balance of mentoring someone is not creating them in your own image, but helping them create themselves”
STEVEN SPIELBERG
FOR FACULTY
                    Schedule a classroom presentation or practice interviews for your students.
                
MDCWORKS@mdc.edu
305-237-9675 (WORK)

Instagram
                        

Linkedin
                        
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
