This section is limited to MDC technical certificate programs with a MDC program code beginning with 5.
MDC administers TABE Forms 11 and 12. The College follows the Florida Department of Education, Division of Career and Adult Education recommendation of using TABE Level 'A' if the program completion levels are above ninth grade and TABE Level 'D' if the program completion is ninth grade or lower. Level D may also be used for the higher grade levels on an as needed basis for post-testing purposes. Completion of a prescribed remediation program consisting of at least 60 hours of instruction is required prior to retesting with a minimum 30-day period between retests.
View Alternative Methods
The same TABE Form and Level should not be administered within a six-month period.  Remediation should include at least 60 hours of instruction between pre/and post-testing, using an alternate version of the TABE and at least 120 hours of instruction when using the same level and same form.
The TABE may not be used as a sole determinant for entry into a career and technical education program.
When a test administration results in a score, including those that begin with a “+” or “-“, that is within the allowable range for the Test Level and Form, the score is reported with a “0” in the first field followed by the three digit score. Students with an in-range high score (+) may be retested one time with a higher TABE Level without being assessed a retesting fee or placed in the highest valid level for the TABE level test.  The relationship between TABE scores and NRS levels can be found in Placement Criteria Appendix H. 
When a test administration results in a score that is lower than the allowable range for the Test Level and Form, and no score is provided or the score indicates a score of N/A, the score is reported with a “1” followed by the lowest score value for the TABE Level and Form. To assist with determining the correct out of range scores to report, refer to TABE Levels Literacy (L) and Easy (E) do not have OOR Low scores.  As of Summer 2023, there is no longer a difference between paper and online OOR scores.  Students with an out-of-range low or no score must be retested one time with a lower TABE Level no sooner than the next day and prior to enrollment or by the 100% refund date for the adult education term without being assessed a retesting fee.  If the retest results in another OOR score, place student into the lowest valid level of the lower TABE level test.
When a test administration results in a score that is higher than the allowable range for the Test Level and Form, and no score is provided, the score is reported with a “9” followed by the highest score value for the TABE Level and Form. To assist with determining the correct out of range scores to report, refer to the TABE OOR table in Appendix H (TABE Out-of-Range Low and High Score Reported and Re-testing Guide).  TABE Level Advanced (A) does not have OOR High scores.  As of Summer 2023, there is no longer a difference between paper and online OOR scores.  Students with an out-of-range high or no score must be retested one time with a higher TABE Level no sooner than the next day and prior to enrollment or by the 100% refund date for the adult education term without being assessed a retesting fee.  If the retest results in another OOR score, place student into the highest valid NRS level of the higher TABE level test.  For example, if a student tests with form 11 medium level and gets an OOR High score, the student should retest at the difficult level form.  To see the appropriate forms, OOR scores, and NRS level for OOR, please refer to the NRS links in Placement Criteria Appendix H. 
Effective, May 3, 2022, students only need to demonstrate competence for basic skills purposes in either Reading or Language to meet the communications requirement.
Minimum basic skills levels as grade equivalents in mathematics, language, and reading are defined in each career certificate program. The Basic Skills and Licensure Exemption List that is used for meeting these requirements is available via State Rule 6A-10.040.  Refer to this list for minimum required basic skills grade levels to earn a certificate by program. TABE 11&12 Grade Range Scale Score Guidance, TABE 11&12 Scoring Levels: Best Practice Guidelines, and TABE 11 & 12 Minimum Scale Score Requirements for Career and Technical Education Programs at Miami Dade College  are available via the College’s TABE webpage. Agencies sponsoring career certificate seeking students may set higher requirements and exemptions for testing.
Students without sufficient English proficiency are referred to the Adult English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL) program. Refer to Section IV-C. Students who have been identified as English Language Learners (ELLs) and adult students who are not proficient in English should also be provided with certain accommodations. Rule 6A-6.09091, F.A.C., Accommodations of the Statewide Assessment Program Instruments and Procedures for English Language Learners (ELL), provides examples of allowable accommodations for   students who are classified as ELLs and adult students who are not proficient in English.
Students who passed a State, national or industry licensure exam related to the program of study and identified by the Department of Education, Division of Career and Adult Education are exempt from meeting the basic skills exit score requirement in the related program. The identified credentialing examination has to be specific to the career and must be necessary in order to work in that field.  Documentation supporting the successful completion of the credentialing examination is required.  The Basic Skills and Licensure Exemption List that is used for meeting this requirement is available via State Rule 6A-10.040.
Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness
To contact a member from our team, please visit the Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness contact page.
SIE Service Request Form
Login to SharePoint Site
Visit Testing and Assessment
Please take a moment to fill out a Assessment, Evaluation, and Testing Survey of Satisfaction. The information you provide will help improve the quality of services provided.
