Your opinion matters
Below is a list of the most frequently asked questions. Click or  tap on any of the questions to view the answer. For additional information,  please contact the AET@mdc.edu.
Your students can access their surveys by logging in Canvas, they  will receive a pop-up window with a message to ask them to complete their  survey, and they will also receive their emails on the first day of the online  administration period for their course(s). They can also access their survey  via their MyMDC emails. Reminder emails will be sent out every 3 days if your  students have not completed the survey. Please refer to EK Quick  Guide for Students for detailed instructions.
There are two options to access Student Feedback via  Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES, formerly EvaluationKIT):
Please note that within Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES, formerly EvaluationKIT) Miami Dade College's online student feedback platform, 
  faculty and authorized administrators have direct access to real-time response rates, results and more. 
   Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES, formerly EvaluationKIT) includes other features, such as a report builder to look at results over time and across courses. 

Please refer to  Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES, formerly EvaluationKIT) Access for detailed instruction.

Yes. Lab and clinical classes that students are automatically enrolled in through their registration in the lecture course are not required for Student Feedback. Faculty who are actually instructing students in these labs may administer student feedback for these classes on a request basis through their department chairperson.
Note: Prior to Summer 2020, eligible courses that were offered less than four (4) weeks were excluded. Faculty teaching those courses needed to participate in the paper-based administration. 
Watermark Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES) recognizes team taught courses based upon the faculty information for each course in MDConnect.  In these situations, students complete the survey for each instructor assigned to a class. Instructors receives separate feedback from their students. The administration period is assigned based on the length of the course (session code) in MDConnect, not to the timeframe that the faculty taught during the term. 
Starting Summer 2020, if you merge your classes in Canvas, you will ONLY see your parent course listed under 
          Manage Courses in Watermark Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES). In addition, you will only receive ONE report for merged classes. However, all class (reference) numbers (parent and child courses) will be listed in the header on the final report. Below is detailed information regarding this subject and its limitations for student feedback.  
Displaying and reporting merged classes in Watermark Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES):
The student feedback administration begins after the IW date of each session Please refer to Key Dates Calendar for details.
It’s the last day of classes for the term.
Note: Faculty may change this  date to an earlier date in Watermark Course Evaluations & Surveys (CES). The feature will be  available for faculty two days prior to the first day of the administration  date. Please refer to EK Quick  Guide for Faculty for detailed instructions. 
Absolutely! The highly personal relationship between the instructor and the student plays the biggest role in a student deciding to take the evaluation survey. When evaluation is taken seriously by instructors and administrators, students feel their feedback matters and make an effort to respond. You will be able to monitor response rates during the open survey window. If you see they are low, let your students know how important it is to you that they take a moment to complete the course surveys.
This option is limited to Continuing Contract faculty with a start date prior to Fall 2019 wishing to use the paper version of feedback for Fall Term only. These faculty are required to complete an Opt-out Form for In-person and Blended courses.  Please refer to the Paper-based Administration link for more details.
This  option is limited to Continuing Contract faculty who choose to participate in  the Online Student Feedback in the Spring Term only. These faculty are required  to complete an Opt-in Form.  Please refer  to the Online Administration webpage.
Student Feedback reports will be available  on Wednesday of the second week of the subsequent term. You can visit this link  for the details: https://www.mdc.edu/feedback/students/reports.aspx
You can compare your course data  analysis based upon Online Student Feedback results with other faculty who  teach the same class. To view a summary of the online student feedback  available since Fall 2017 for a particular course, please refer to Reports by Course College-wide for details. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
