Making interfaith literacy integral to inclusive humanities education 
We offer interdisciplinary education focused on interfaith literacy and intercultural dialogue
Our student-centered ecosystem broadens and deepens interdisciplinary interaction via dialogue
We offer a community-engaged forum for open and sincere dialogue and discourse on topical issue-areas related to global Muslim world
The Jaffer Institute for Interfaith Dialogue and Education (JI) is part of MDC’s Office of Changemaking
                     Education & Social Innovation (CESI). We envision inclusive communities where learning, strength, inspiration, and resilience are drawn from mutually-cherished values of multiculturalism, religious pluralism, and spiritual diversity. We help the advancement of constructive and positive dialogue between people of different religious traditions by making interfaith literacy an integral part of intercultural proficiency and a wholesome college education.  
Read more about us
In our densely interconnected world of the 21st century, intercultural literacy is an indispensable skill as it empowers us to interact and collaborate across multiple cultures. The Jaffer Institute offers and continues to develop innovative interdisciplinary courses specifically designed to diversify MDC course offerings and maximize our future global citizens’ knowledge base in a wide range of subject matters as they pursue their academic degree.
CPO2408
The Middle East & North Africa (MENA) region has consistently been at the epicenter of international politics since the end of WWI. This survey course will address some of their issues by providing students with a historical, cultural, political, and economic overview.
                        
Register
CPO2441
Islam In the Modern World is a survey course to furnish students with a broad-based knowledge across a variety of conceptual debates, historical events, and policy discussions at the intersection of Islam and the contemporary world. These issues will be contextualized within theoretical, empirical and historical frameworks.
Register
POS2293
Islam And America is a survey course introducing, exploring and contextualizing the relationship between the United States and the Muslim World and the path forward. This course analyzes the intersection of religion, identity politics, geopolitics and economics of Islam-US relations in a historical context.
Register
March 12, 2020Eduardo J. Padrón Campus
What is identity politics? How has identity politics changed the traditional role of political parties? Has party polarization and conflict between political parties intensified the role of identity politics in the US?
Miami Dade College Wolfson Campus
300 N.E. Second Ave
                        Building 1, Suite 1201
                        Miami, FL 33132
                    
Email: ji@mdc.edu
P: 305-237-7581
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
