Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Educator Preparation Institute (EPI) is a state approved, competency-based, alternative certification program for individuals who have a bachelor’s degree or higher in a discipline other than education and are currently teaching on a Temporary Teaching Certificate or who wish to enter the teaching profession. 
This program focuses on the skills and competencies identified by the state as necessary for a high-quality teacher to possess. Emphasis is placed on the Sunshine State Standards, teaching methods and strategies, the integration of technology into instructional practice, literacy development, assessment techniques and analysis of date, classroom management and school safety. At the completion of these modules, the student will demonstrate a mastery of the Florida Educator Accomplished Practices by providing a comprehensive professional portfolio.
The program assists participants in completing all requirements prior or during their first year of teaching regardless of their employment status as permanent or temporary teachers and it offers a rigorous curriculum to prepare professionals in all critical teaching areas: lesson planning, classroom management, assessment, the use of technology, and differentiated instruction. 
EPI courses earn “institutional credit.” This credit is recognized by the FLDOE only for the purpose of determining that all EPI program requirements have been met for the purpose of earning eligibility for teacher certification in Florida. While EPI course credit may be transferable to other EPI programs in Florida, it cannot be transferred to an associate’s, bachelor's, or higher degree program. Areas of study include:

This program is for professionals  seeking employment in the following job roles, among others:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
 Kendall: 305-237-2616, Room 6219
North: 305-237-1433, Room 2256
Padrón: 305-237-6203, Room 6021-37
Email: soetep@mdc.edu

  Monday – Thursday, 9 a.m. – 6 p.m.
Friday, 9 a.m. – 4:30 p.m.

Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
