Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
MDC PA Students Now Graduate with a Master's Degree
The Accreditation Review Commission on Education for the Physician Assistant (ARC-PA) has acknowledged and accepted the MDC PA program’s change in degree to a Master’s degree. The change in degree is now in effect. For more information read below or contact. mdcpaprogram@mdc.edu.
The Miami Dade Physician Assistant program is a 27-month program offering a Bachelor of Applied Science in Physician Assistant Studies along with a Master of Health Science through its affiliation with Nova Southeastern University. 
Physician Assistants are health care professionals licensed to practice medicine in collaboration with all members of the healthcare team. Physician Assistants conduct histories, physical exams, order and interpret tests, diagnose, treat illnesses, provide counsel on preventive health care, assist in surgery, and write prescriptions. In addition, PAs also participate in education, research, and leadership services.
The Miami Dade Physician Assistant Program is on the cutting edge to address
        the workforce needs in Miami Dade County and around the world. The program is preparing students to become highly skilled healthcare professionals, while
        improving their quality of life. The PA program continues to meet its mission by graduating physician assistants who return to serve the community. The program participates in a migrant program and other community service projects.
The mission of the Miami Dade Physician Assistant Program is to educate and train students from a culturally diverse background to become competent primary care physician assistants who will serve the medically underserved patients in urban and rural communities in Florida. The program also promotes academic excellence, high professional standards, and the development of lifelong learners. 
Please review costs associated with this program.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
