Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
An education at Miami Dade College is more affordable than you might think. Learn more about our tuition rates and see why more than 90 percent of our graduates finish their course of studies without incurring any student debt.
This program is highly demanding, and students are therefore more successful if they do not work while in the program. If students must work for financial support, the program strongly recommends a limit of 20 hours of employment per week. Students should also consider family responsibilities before committing to a full-time accelerated program.                
Check our Tuition & Fees
Additionally, over the course of the program, students  should expect to pay approximately $350 for books, $125 for name tags, uniforms  and footwear, $15.50 for malpractice insurance and $10.50 for health insurance  annually. Most laboratory courses have an additional fee
between $20.00 and $80. All costs are subject to change.
You should apply for financial aid even if you're not sure you're eligible. The only way to know for sure is by applying You can do so by using the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) or go to MDC's financial aid page.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
