A Program of the Miami  Hospitality Center 
The Hospitality Institute is a program of the Miami Hospitality Center at Miami Dade College. The Hospitality Institute was established to connect Miami's low-income residents to job opportunities in the local hospitality and tourism industry. We offer hands-on hospitality, culinary, job readiness and customer service training completely free of charge. Since its inception in 2008, The Hospitality Institute has graduated several thousand participants and assisted them in finding sustainable employment. The Hospitality Institute's office is located at Miami Dade College Wolfson Campus and trainings are delivered at various sites throughout Miami-Dade County.
Employment & Certification Trainings
The Hospitality Institute offers a variety of training options including Culinary, Hospitality, Food Safety, Customer Service, Work Readiness, Motivation and Life Skills, and COVID-19 Procedures. 
Overtown Training Opportunities
The Hospitality Institute has been delivering training to Overtown residents and businesses since 2008. Training opportunities are available in Food Truck Business & Operations, Hospitality, Culinary, Job Readiness, Food Safety, Customer Service and our annual Camp Hope at MDC for Overtown youth. 
Customized Training for Businesses
The Hospitality Institute can create customized training specifically for a business or organization’s needs. 
Employment
The Hospitality Institute supports industry with trained and work ready employees. 
 
The Hospitality Institute
Wolfson Campus
              485 N.E. 2nd Avenue
              Building 6, 3rd Floor, Room 6308
              Miami, FL 33132
              305-237-3267
thehospitalityinstitute@mdc.edu
Office Hours: Monday to Friday 8:00 AM – 4:30 PM
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
