Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Nuclear Medicine Technology  is the injection or oral administration of radioactive materials into the human  body that are detected by an imaging device known as a gamma camera. A scan of  the distribution of the radiotracer within an organ in the body is then produced.
A Nuclear Medicine Technologist prepares and administers the tracer  radiopharmaceuticals to the patients and records the images using computerized  detection systems. Nuclear Medicine Technologists are employed in hospitals,  outpatient diagnostic imaging centers, and private physician offices.
The A.S. degree is designed for students who are looking for immediate entry into a career upon graduation. Most discipline courses directly relate to the identified career area. The remaining courses are comprised of general education courses. 
Students begin the discipline courses of the Nuclear Medicine Technology program in Fall term of each year. A total of 75 credits must be completed for this degree. Course content is sequential, and students must plan to enroll in all NMT courses in the order and during the terms indicated on the courses outline. The program currently selects 15 candidates per year to continue to discipline courses. Coursework includes:

Our graduates can be found  in every major medical organization in Miami Dade County, as technologist,  Imaging Supervisors, lead technologists, and Directors of Imaging. Students who pursue this course of study may find employment in job roles such as:
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
