Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Technology (IST) introduces concepts upon which information systems are founded and analyzes them as solutions to real-world problems. The curriculum provides students with the critical skills and knowledge required to direct and control the design, planning and management of information infrastructures in professional settings. This degree program addresses the workplace need for professionals with information systems management and development expertise.
Software developers, computer systems analysts, and computer systems administrators consistently make the list for the annual U.S. News and World Report’s 100 Best Jobs. Since all industries need software solutions and systems management, it is expected that careers in this field of study will continue to be among the fastest growing occupations. 
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, software developers’ median salary is $110,140. Computer systems analysts responsible for an organization’s computer systems and its optimization average $93,730. 
The program’s comprehensive curriculum includes coursework in computer architecture, software design and programming, data structures, analysis of algorithms, operating systems principles, IT project management and information security.
The B.S. in IST offers two concentrations to choose from: Software Engineering or Networking.
In this concentration, students learn fundamental concepts to design and create software that may be applied to the development and maintenance of programs, systems, and applications. Students learn how to analyze software requirements from clients and how to optimize, implement, and validate software solutions.
Areas of study in the Software Engineering Concentration include: 
View Additional Concentrations:

Students in the B.S. – IST program will learn to create technological solutions that help companies meet their organizational objectives. The knowledge gained may be applied broadly, in a range of professional situations covering information technology, mobile and application programming, systems analysis, cybersecurity and more. Further opportunites may be available for those students who choose to continue their formal education by pursuing graduate degrees in the fields of computer science or information technology. Students will learn how to:

Graduates of the B.S. – IST program with a Software Engineering Concentration may qualify for employment in the following job roles and areas: 
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
As a benefit of the  Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Technology, MDC has an agreement in place that give graduates the opportunity to advance to a Master's degree and  possibly complete it in one year:
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
