Since opening in 1970, Wolfson Campus catalyzed a downtown renaissance by hosting all manner of civic and cultural discourse. It is the only comprehensive urban campus in the city. Located within the city’s financial, governmental, technological and cultural hubs, Wolfson capitalizes on its unique geographic resource by offering programs in banking/financial services, business, computer technology, paralegal studies, architecture, economics, hospitality management, engineering, the arts, humanities and social sciences.
Registration is currently open.
Book a Virtual Appointment with our New Student Center

Current Students Register for Classes
Upcoming Open House Series

Miami Animation & Gaming International Complex
                                        Game Design, Animation, and VR & AR Technologies
Miami Culinary Institute
                                            Culinary Arts Management, Operations and Chef Apprentice 
Miami Fashion Institute
                                        Fashion Design and Fashion Merchandising 
@ Wolfson Summer Bridge Program for New Students 
MDC graduates are regularly accepted at Harvard, Yale, Columbia, Georgetown, Stanford, and many other top institutions that have a transfer agreement in place with the College. While admission to the college of your choice is not guaranteed, the Florida Statewide Articulation Agreement does guarantee upper division admission to a state college or university in Florida when you earn an A.A. degree.
You can enter the workforce with in-demand skills or prepare for further studies with a degree from MDC. With over 300 programs, students have study options that range from the traditional to the innovative.
Flexible scheduling options and weekend classes helps you create a schedule that suits your lifestyle. 
Miami Dade works with a number of financial aid and scholarship programs to help you pay for college. Make sure to apply for financial aid, you may be eligible for scholarships and other aid to help you realize your dream of going to college.
Looking to gain experience while studying? MDC’s Financial Aid Work Programs allow students to work and earn money to pay for their education. Part-time and full-time students who demonstrate financial need are eligible!
Your feedback is important. Please answer a few quick questions about your preferences and plans. We want to understand how we can best serve your needs.
Take a moment to complete the survey
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
