Top Story: MDC Leading in Artificial Intelligence Education
Top Story: Tackling the Teacher Shortage
Top Story: Historic $20 Million Gifts Makes Graduation Even More Special
Top Story: Dual Enrollment: MDC Leads State With 6,000 Students
Top Story: Two New Scholarships Nurture Successful Leaders of the Future
Top Story: The Future of Miami Tech: Local Talent - MDC Awarded $10 Million to Accelerate Pathways to Jobs
Top Story: Filling High-Tech Workforce Needs - NSA Recognizes Miami Dade College as a Top Cybersecurity Institution
Top Story: Miami: Tech's New Talent Magnet - MDC Tech Launches With $15M to Expand AI, Tech Programs
Top Story: A Historic Investiture for a One-of-a-Kind Leader
Top Story: Artificial Intelligence: Best Place to Get Smart is MDC - State-of-the-Art AI Center Opening at North Campus
Top Story: MDC: Training Tomorrow’s Workforce Today - Innovative Programs Feeding Miami’s Growing Needs for High-Tech Talent
Top Story: Helping Dreams Take Flight - MDC’s Eig-Watson School of Aviation Grads Master Latest Tech
Top Story: Meet Madam President: Madeline Pumariega - Alumna, Leader, 'Girl from Hialeah,' to Lead MDC Forward
Top Story: Enroll, Engage and Complete - MDC Focuses on Strengthening Equity and Outcomes for Black Students.
Top Story: We're All in This Together - Conquering the 'New Normal' in Ways Big and Small.
Top Story: The Future of Business Education - Cutting-Edge Business Innovation and Technology Center Taking MDC to New Levels.
Top Story: Shaping Miami's Entrepreneurial Future - The Idea Center at MDC Celebrates Milestones Anniversary.
Top Story: MDC's New Virtual Hospital to be a 'Game-Changer' for Health Care Training.
Top Story: MDC: The Enduring Legacy of Eduardo J. Padrón - College President Stepping Down After 50-year Career
Top Story: The Power of Partnerships - MDC Grows the Jobs of the Future with Industry Giants
Top Story: Job Training for the 21st Century -  Miami Dade Leads the Way in Hands-On Learning
Top Story: MDC Continues to Drive Success, Lead Change - College Addresses Opportunity Gap to Stimulate Upward Mobility
Top Story: MDC’s Museum of Art and Design Reopens at Historic Freedom Tower.
Top Story: MDC is Major Force in Miami-Dade Community - College Programs, Alumni, Cultural Events Contribute Billions to County.
Top Story: Driving the American Dream - MDC Leading the Way in Leveling the Economic Playing Field.
Top Story: Igniting a Passion for Reading - More than 500 Authors to Attend 2017 Miami Book Fair
Top Story: Inspiring Tomorrow's Leaders - Renowned speakers to address graduates at MDC commencement.
Top Story: Golden Days on the Silver Screen - Festival returns with 10 days of world-class films.
Top Story: In the Middle of It All - Miami Dade College is the site of history in the making.
Top Story: The Home of Culture - MDC brings a plethora of cultural experiences to South Florida in a lively fall arts season.
Top Story: A Class of Game Changers - MDC’s Jack Kent Cooke Scholars, Ivy Leaguers and 14,000 graduates stand ready to take the lead. 
Top Story: At the Epicenter of It All - MDC is a perennial top stop on the nation’s political roadmap.
Top Story: Stars Descend on Miami - The world’s hottest films will be featured at the Miami International Film Festival in March.
Top Story: A Literary Cornucopia - Miami Book Fair overflowed with star authors, hundreds of vendors and hundreds of thousands of fairgoers.
Top Story: A Most Royal Visit - King Felipe VI of Spain recently delivered a master lecture to students and community members at MDC to inaugurate the academic year.
Top Story: The Shark Surge - Commencement glows as Miami Dade College captures several prestigious Jack Kent Cooke scholarships.
Top Story: A Day of Inspiration and Celebration - Top leaders will address graduates at MDC commencement ceremonies.
Top Story: Rolling Out the Red Carpet - Film stars and movie fans are flocking to Miami for the 32nd edition of MDC’s world-class Miami International Film Festival.
Top Story: A Literary Fest of Epic Proportions - The 2014 Miami Book Fair International is bigger and better than ever.
Top Story: MDC Drives Region’s Economy - Miami Dade College boosts the financial outlook throughout South Florida, a recent study shows.
Top Story: High-Profile Speakers Inspire Grads - Vice President Joe Biden was among distinguished commencement speakers imparting wisdom to 2014’s class of nearly 15,000 graduates. 
Top Story: Marvelous World of MIFF - Miami International Film Festival offers an award-winning lineup of stellar films and documentaries.
Top Story: Land of Literary Giants - Miami Book Fair International celebrates its 30th anniversary in grand style.
Top Story: 2 Million Strong - Miami Dade College admissions reach a major milestone.
Top Story: Class of 2013: Stay Driven, Achieve Your Dreams - Successful alumni returned to MDC to share their wisdom with more than 13,000 graduates at this year’s Commencement ceremonies.
Top Story: The Marvels of MIFF - MDC’s Miami International Film Festival offers a stellar lineup for its 30th anniversary.
Top Story: Literary Mecca Arises Again at MDC - Thousands prepare to descend on Wolfson Campus for the world-renowned Miami Book Fair International.
Top Story:MDC at Epicenter of Election Activity - Each and every election cycle, “Democracy’s College” is a must-stop site for everyone on the campaign trail.
Top Story: Class of 2012: Follow Your Passion, Change the World - Commencement speakers laud the selfless service of MDC graduates.
Top Story:MDC Commencement Attracts Top Speakers - A buzz of excitement is in the air at Miami Dade College as its biggest celebration for the year draws near.
Top Story: MDC at Center of Presidential Race - Republican candidates refine their platforms during a forum held at Miami Dade College.
Top Story: Nation Reaches Consensus - U.S. presidents George W. Bush, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama praise MDC as the model for the future of higher education in the United States.
Top Story: Green Oasis Rises in Miami - Downtown Miami’s concrete jungle just got greener, thanks to Miami Culinary Institute’s tasty new addition to the urban landscape: a state-of-the-art edible organic garden. 
Top Story: Obama Addresses Class of 2011 - President urges MDC graduates to share success and opportunity with those around them.
Top Story: Obama to Address MDC Graduates -  More than 3,000 Miami Dade College (MDC) graduates will hear from the 44th President of the United States of America on April 29 at the James L. Knight International Center in downtown Miami when President Barack Obama delivers the commencement address.
Top Story: International Film Festival a Feast for Movie Lovers - Offering more than 100 films from 40 countries, the 28th edition of the Miami International Film Festival, presented by Miami Dade College, will paint the town red.
Top Story: Stars Align for Outstanding Fair - Hundreds of thousands of book lovers will fill downtown Miami streets during MDC’s 27th Miami Book Fair International, featuring more than 350 authors and more than 200 exhibitors.
Top Story: MDC aces exam in alumni survey - Most alumni would choose MDC again if they were to start over, according to a recent national survey conducted by the American Council on Education (ACE). MDC beat national results in many categories, from the fulfilling academic experiences alumni had to campus offerings and cost.
Top Story: Graduating into "the future business" - While addressing MDC’s class of 2010, former President William Jefferson Clinton spoke about his first time visiting Miami Dade College.
Top Story: MDC Inaugurates Confucius Institute - Confucius, the greatest philosopher and educator of ancient China, emphasized the importance of education and study.
Top Story: A commitment to education - First Lady Michelle Obama praised Florida educators and students for their commitment to service-learning and engaged scholarship. 
Top Story: New clinic provides primary care for Miami’s most vulnerable - A new clinic operated by Medical Center Campus and the Miami Rescue Mission provides a safe place for 1,400 people to get primary clinical care.
Top Story: MDC is the lead education partner in Energy Smart Miami initiative - Continuing a nearly 50-year tradition of meeting workforce needs, the College joined with the city of Miami and its partners to launch a multimillion dollar energy initiative that will tap into federal economic stimulus funds to spur investment in "smart grid" technology and renewable energy sources over the next two years.
Top Story: '09 class to get world-class send-off - On May 2, Miami Dade College will offer heartfelt congratulations and bid adieu to the class of 2009 at six commencement ceremonies throughout Miami-Dade County. MDC will graduate more than 9,000 students. 
Top Story: U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan: MDC is the 'best of the best' - On his first official visit to a college or university since taking office, Duncan, who was accompanied by Dr. Jill Biden, the vice president's wife, praised MDC for the role it plays in giving hundreds of thousands of students an opportunity to advance through education.
Top Story: History on Film - Thanks to the continued stewardship of community philanthropist and activist Lynn Wolfson, an invaluable film and video collection is being entrusted to MDC.
Top Story: Literary stars gather for MBFI's 25th - Gore Vidal (above), Peter Matthiessen, Mia Kirschner and Junot Diaz were among the hundreds of top-notch authors and celebrities who journeyed to Miami to celebrate 25 years of the nation’s most esteemed literary gathering.
Top Story: Miami-Dade voters show their support for Miami Dade College - Miami Dade College students were the key voices in the Amendment 8 informational campaign. 
Top Story: Mitchell Wolfson Sr. Foundation makes $11M donation to MDC - The Wolfson Foundation donation will support the School of Nursing by increasing the number of nurses who are trained at the College and placed into the local workforce.
Top Story: 2008 Miami Book Fair International - Now in its 25th year, Miami Book Fair International continues to demonstrate why it has been a success since its inception.
Top Story: McCain, Obama No Strangers to MDC - Presidential hopefuls have both visited Miami Dade College, speaking about issues central to the 2008 campaign.
Top Story: Pelosi: You are the American dream. - House Speaker Nancy Pelosi delivered the keynote address to 1,100 North Campus graduates. College-wide, MDC held seven commencement ceremonies for nearly 9,000 students earning associate and bachelor’s degrees.
Top Story: Class of '08 Gets a World-Class Send-Off From Global Leaders - The first female speaker of the House of Representatives, a popular Central American president and a cabinet member in the Bush Administration top the list of speakers set to bid adieu to the 2008 graduating class of Miami Dade College.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
