Home / Martin Bejerano and Nicole Yarling

            SPRING 2024
            Wednesday, April 3
            Noon
            Wolfson Auditorium, Room 1261.
Watch the Livestream
Martin Bejerano
Acclaimed Latin Grammy-nominated pianist, composer and educator Martin Bejerano has performed/recorded with numerous jazz luminaries, including for 20 years with jazz drumming legend Roy Haynes, Christian McBride, Dave Holland, Pat Metheny, Ignacio Berroa and Dafnis Prieto, performing at nearly all of the major jazz clubs, festivals and concert halls around the world. He is featured on over 25 recordings, including his most recent Latin Grammy-nominated album #CubanAmerican, and numerous other Grammy-nominated albums. He has been the recipient of numerous grants and commissions from organizations including Chamber Music America, Dranoff 2 Piano Foundation, Bacardi and the University of Miami, where he is a tenured professor and head of the jazz piano studio.
Nicole Yarling
Yarling holds a B.A. in Music from Baruch College and a Master’s in Music Education from Columbia University, as well as having private training in composition, arranging, voice and violin. She just completed a 20-year teaching stint at Florida Memorial University, and is currently a full-time lecturer at the University of Miami, teaching voice and various ensembles.
              She established a concert series 13 years ago called Jazz Encounters at WDNA in Miami. As a result, she created the Jazz Education Community Coalition (JECC), through which she mentors young musicians with an interest in studying Jazz. In 2018, Yarling received a $10,000 Knight Arts Champion award for her work with the JECC. She has received numerous other grants, commissions and awards, and was inducted into the South Florida Jazz Hall of Fame. This year, she will be featured in The Story of Art in America, a docuseries exploring the role of art in American society and its diverse communities.

All concerts are free and open to the public. Live performances will take place at Wolfson Campus Auditorium, 300 N.E. Second Ave., Miami, FL 33132. Building 1, Room 1261. All performances will be livestreamed, except for those occurring on Tuesdays.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
