The Kendall Campus offers a wide variety of career options through Associate in Arts degrees, Associate in Science degrees and Vocational Certificates. Conveniently located near major highways and accessible by public transportation, the Kendall Campus has served the Greater Miami area since 1967.
Emphasizing a theoretical approach together with hands-on methodology, students are led by exceptional faculty in an exploration of design and construction.
Featuring an award-winning faculty in an epicenter of international trade, Miami Dade College's School of Business delivers top-notch education in a one-of-a-kind location.
With a variety of strategically designed programs, we offer our students many paths to a rewarding career
                                    in shaping the young minds of the future through lifelong learning.
We offer non-college credit courses for individuals who want to enrich their cultural experiences or improve their professional or occupational skills.
EnTec provides its students with unmatched opportunity and access to in-demand and exciting careers. The fields of technology and engineering touch our lives at nearly every moment of the day.
The Miami Dade College School of Entertainment and Design Technology offers training in a variety of exciting careers in creative industries such as computer animation, film production, graphic design, music business, TV production, web design and more.
The Honors College brings together rigorous academics, global perspective, leadership experiences, and an experienced faculty to create a rich and distinguished learning experience
The School of Science builds a strong foundation in the study of natural sciences. Start your journey to an advanced degree or build your skills for the cutting-edge workplace. At the School of Science, you'll find innovative learning experiences that open doors to discovery and success.
The Arts and Philosophy Department helps students develop critical thinking and understanding through the study of art, metaphysics, ethics, and related philosophies.
Explore living organisms and their relationship to their environment, health and wellness, and more. Our Landscape and Horticulture Technology programs are unique in Miami-Dade County.
Gain a new understanding of the world around you through the prisms of astronomy, chemistry, earth science, meteorology, oceanography, physics and physical science.
The College Prep Department offers courses in reading and English to help students who are under-prepared build their skills in these critical areas of study.
Through courses in composition, journalism, speech, and literature, The English and Communications department guides students through an exploration of ethics, creativity, relationships, and expression.
The World Languages department offers a comprehensive series of English as a Second Language and foreign language courses, helping students develop their listening, speaking, reading, and writing abilities.
The Mathematics Department helps students develop the fluency and reasoning skills needed to comprehend mathematics and its applications, creating learners capable of solving complex problems.
Through an appreciation of the performing arts, the Performing arts and Industries Department develops skilled, talented artists as well as a well-rounded, culturally aware student body.
Through studies in anthropology, history, geography, sociology, psychology and more, the Social Science Department provides a deeper understanding of the world around us.
Miami Dade College campuses offer more than 300 programs of study across several degree options, including associate and bachelor degrees, certificate programs, vocational training, and non-credit courses.
                        
Our Learning Resources labs and centers can help you make the grade. Stop in for one-on-one help, computer tutorials and more.
                        
Need to get in touch? Many of our offices are available to answer your questions over the phone or through e-mail.
                        
Fast Track Sharks at the Kendall Campus is a unique program designed to help incoming freshman transition to college by providing a strong academic foundation, individualized advisement, and a supportive learning environment. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
