Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Associate in Science in Networking Services Technology immerses students in the field of network design and administration.
The Enterprise Cloud Computing track enables students to apply their network skills to the cloud-based application, positioning themselves as valuable candidates in today's job market. Through a collaboration with Amazon Web Services (AWS), MDC offers a cloud-related curriculum that provides students with the opportunity to develop expertise and stay on top of rapidly changing technologies. 
The Enterprise Cloud Computing Track curriculum prepare students to earn not only an academic credential, but also recognized industry certificates such as the AWS – Solutions Architect Certificate, which will prepare students to work as computer systems analysts – technicians that assist organizations that are transitioning their systems to cloud computing. 
The  Enterprise Cloud Computing Track is designed to provide an opportunity to  establish a foundation in architect-scalable, highly-available application  solutions that leverage cloud computing services, utilizing best practices  that focus on Cloud security, cost, and reliability. Graduates  will utilize core design patterns and infrastructure  expertise to implement solutions to deploy and maintain workloads and  applications. This Enterprise Cloud Computing Track focuses on broad,  transferable skills and stresses understanding and demonstration of the  following elements of Cloud computing:

Graduates may find employment in job roles such as: 
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Please visit our EnTec scholarships page to find out more about financial assistance.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
