Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Students begin the Radiation Therapy program in August of each year. The required natural science and general education courses are an important part of the program. Since selection is highly competitive and enrollment is limited, it is strongly recommended that these natural science and general education courses be completed before requesting a Milestone Review of your academic records. Please visit the Medical Campus Program Requirements web page to request a Milestone Review by the target deadline date of May 1st of each year for August (Fall semester) start. Completing these requirements will improve your chances of being selected to progress to discipline courses. Please note that taking these courses in advance does not guarantee admission. Meeting the program requirements does not guarantee selection towards beginning discipline courses. For this reason, the following criteria are used to determine which students will progress: (Please note that there is no waiting list).
1. Associate degree program Grade Point Average (GPA) Minimum 2.5 cumulative GPA
                  2. The grade earned in the BSC and MGF
                  3. Completion of the following courses:
*Hum 1020 may be substituted with ARH 1000, LIT 2000, MUL  1010, PHI 2010 or THE 2000
              ** AMH 2020 may be substituted with POS 2041
4. Have passed the Computer Competency Test (CCT) or taken CGS 1060C - Introduction to Computer Technology & Applications.
Florida residents will be given preference over non-residents. Final selection will be based on the submission of all required documents received at the mandatory discipline orientation session.
If you have previously attended any college or university other than Miami Dade College, you must arrange for that institution to send official transcripts to MDC’s Transcript Evaluation department located at Kendall campus prior to the target date of May 1st for an August acceptance.
If you have previously attended any college or university other than Miami Dade College, you must arrange for that institution to send official transcripts to the MDC's Transcript Evaluation department located at Kendall campus prior to the target date of May 1st for an August acceptance; prior to February 1st for a May acceptance; and prior to October 1st for a January acceptance.
Students who have attended foreign colleges must submit original transcripts and a certified English translation before February 1st to the Registrar at the Medical Campus for evaluation. For details, please call 305-237-4141. Students who have attended a foreign allied health or nursing program should consult the Miami Dade College catalog for more information about how to have their transcripts, diplomas, and credentials evaluated for U.S. equivalency.

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
