Library liaisons work with discipline faculty to ensure that resources needed to support the curriculum are available college-wide. These resources may include such things as LibGuides, books, online databases, or eBooks. In addition, the library liaison can design instructional sessions or work with faculty to design assignments that teach students information literacy skills. Contact the liaisons below to learn more about our new discipline-based approach to collection development at MDC.
If your discipline is not listed here, please contact your campus librarian.
 
 
Learning Resources at Miami Dade College transforms student lives by championing teaching and learning as an extension of the classroom.
The purpose of the Collection Development Guidelines is to provide guidance to Miami Dade College Learning Resources in the acquisition and retention of relevant and quality materials that support the mission and curriculum of the College. The following major factors influence collection development decisions:
Learning Resources relies on the College's librarians and discipline faculty for purchase recommendations. It is the professional responsibility of these two groups to develop the collection coordinated with curriculum goals. All MDC authorized library users with an active status are invited to make purchase recommendations.
It is the responsibility of the librarians and other selectors to ensure that all points of view are represented in the collection. In the interests of research and learning, it is essential that collections contain materials representing a variety of perspectives, including subjects that may be considered controversial. Preservation and replacement efforts should ensure that balance in library materials is maintained and that controversial materials are not removed from the collections through theft, loss, mutilation, or normal wear and tear.
Whenever possible, classroom faculty members and other subject specialists are invited to participate in the weeding process to assure that materials of historical, literary, or research interest are retained. Weeded materials are officially withdrawn from the collection. Library materials reported missing may be replaced after evaluation of the item according to the same criteria for selection as regularly purchased items. Librarians responsible for collection development are responsible for assuring that missing, lost, and damaged materials are replaced as needed.
Electronic resources include online databases and journals, e-books and e-audiobooks, and streaming media collections. These collections should be frequently and systematically reviewed for the currency of information.
VIII. Policy Review
This deselection guideline will be reviewed at the end of each fiscal year by the Collection Development group with the MDC Library Committee and other designated library staff members.
Faculty may recommend the purchase of materials to add to the library collection. Fill out the online request form. Please note that the library does not generally purchase textbooks.
