A Program of the Miami  Hospitality Center 
To improve the quality of life in underprivileged and inner city areas within Miami and beyond through targeted and customized workforce training and gainful employment supported by holistic services to enable sustainability.
The Hospitality Institute is a Miami Dade  College workforce development initiative designed to provide low-income  residents with a bridge to job opportunities in the local hospitality industry.
Providing training, encouragement and jobs,  the Hospitality Institute is turning lives around while supporting the  workforce needs of the local hospitality industry. Striving to break the cycle  of poverty, The Hospitality Institute is a beacon of hope in the heart of  Miami's underserved neighborhoods.
The Hospitality Institute delivers  hospitality, culinary, job readiness and customer service at various sites  throughout Miami-Dade County including Wolfson Campus, North Campus, Homestead  Campus, Gibson Education Center, and Camillus House in Overtown.  Participants are referred to our training  programs through community outreach organizations, shelters, churches, and  CareerSource South Florida.  
Participants are exposed to various  hospitality/restaurant operations, customer service, job applications and  resume preparation, interview skills, basic computer skills and employability  skills.  Training is provided by experienced  Miami Dade College instructors, chefs and local industry experts, as well as  other passionate volunteers.   Participants have the opportunity to receive industry recognized  certifications upon successfully passing the required exams.
Participants who complete training are  offered ongoing case management services and assistance with job  placement.  They also receive personal  mentoring and counseling to keep them motivated not only to find a job but to  enroll in courses at Miami Dade College to obtain a College Credit Certificate  or degree.
Many community organizations lend  tremendous support to the Hospitality Industry, adding to its success. These  include local businesses, non‐profits outreach organizations, educational  institutions, government agencies and volunteers.  By connecting our community, we are bridging  the gap to opportunity.
The Hospitality Institute is funded through  grants from CareerSource South Florida, the Southeast Overtown/Park West Community  Redevelopment Agency, and through generous donations from foundations and  industry.
"I would encourage all hoteliers and other industry leaders to connect with the Hospitality Institute.  This remarkable program enables us to make a meaningful difference in the lives of others while helping our businesses."
“It is important to reiterate the commitment the Bureau continues to have for all the great work you and the Hospitality Institute are performing. The Bureau will always be an enthusiastic participant at all of your workshops.”
“As a company, we have invested heavily in the area and we saw the need to give back. We think the Institute is wonderful because it provides the basic training skills necessary for the participants to get a job and get their life back on track.”
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
