The State Board of Education (SBOE) requires each public state college to use common placement tests or alternate methods prior to the completion of initial registration, except for EAP students. Any combination of state approved test scores or through alternate methods may be used to demonstrate readiness for degree-seeking students prior to registration.
The SBOE sets minimum scores below which developmental education work is required in reading, writing, and mathematics. Placement scores are valid for two years.  A registration hold is in place to prevent student registration until scores, or high school course grades are in the College’s student record keeping system. Further assessment may be conducted in courses. MDC students have a total of two placement test attempts (one initial attempt and one retest) on each subtest of the placement test for initial placement prior to enrollment in any course within that subject area. Prior to administering a retest on the MDC Placement Test, the test administrator must require documentation from the student that verifies alternative remediation has occurred since the prior attempt.  After the 2nd attempt students must complete a prescribed remediation option and receive permission to retest from the appropriate chairperson. 
High school and middle school testing is exempted from the total number of attempts after the student graduated from high school.  However, twelfth (12th) grade students admitted to MDC for the Summer or Fall Terms and test at MDC on or after the first Monday in January are allowed to take a maximum of two placement attempts regardless of any previous attempts.  Retesting in any subtest area must occur prior to enrollment in that area or by the 100% refund date each semester.  High school administered placement scores at the college ready level are used for placement purposes at Miami Dade College.  Retesting in the appropriate subtest area will be required for graduating non-exempt high school students who were administered a placement test prior to the first Monday in January and did not achieve the college ready level. 
Request for placement testing at other institutions must have prior approval by the Institutional Test Administrator (ITA) or designee.
View Alternative Methods
Skill Area Reading
REA0017, REA0019, REA005, REA0056, or
ENC0027, or TNFR 9917
ENC1101, ENC1102, ENC2300, ENC2301, or any 
Gordon Rule writing course or its equivalent.
Skill Area Writing
Skill Area Math
MAT0022C, MAT0028, MAT0029, MAT0055, MAT0056, or
MAT0057 (3.0 credit module), or TNFR9906
Guide Notes: Exemption Using Course Grade
Guide Notes: Course Placement Guide - CLT
Skill Area Reading
Skill Area Writing
Skill Area Math
MAT1033orMGF 1107
Guide Notes: Course Placement Guide - ACT and SAT
Guide Notes: Course Placement Guide for Reading and Writing - ACCUPLACER NG and PERT
MAC 1147 (College-level)
Refer to Mathematics Department.
MAC 2311 (College-level)
Refer to Mathematics Department.
Guide Notes: Course Placement Guide for Mathematics - ACCUPLACER (NG) and PERT
Further assessment may be conducted in courses. 
Developmental Education Strategies: A student whose score on the placement test indicates a need for developmental education must be advised of all the developmental education options offered at the institution and, after advisement, shall be allowed to enroll in the developmental education option of his or her choice. The following options are available at MDC: Modularized instruction, Compressed (or accelerated) course structures, Contextualized developmental instruction, and Co-requisite developmental instruction.
If scores on one or more of the subtests require developmental education placement, students must enroll in at least one developmental education course during their first term.  Students who test into developmental education instruction and subsequently enroll in developmental education instruction must successfully complete the required developmental education studies by the time they have accumulated twelve (12) credits of college credit coursework or they must maintain continuous enrollment in developmental education coursework each semester until the requirements are completed while performing satisfactorily in the degree.
Students placing into developmental education course work in one skill area are required to enroll concurrently in SLS 1505; students placing in two or more skill areas are required to enroll concurrently in SLS 1510.  Students enrolled in a developmental education course may concurrently enroll only in college credit courses that do not require the skills addressed in the developmental education course.
All First Time in College (FTIC) Associate in Arts (AA) degree-seeking students who are college-ready in the reading, writing, and mathematics skill area are required to have registered by their 16th earned credit and completed SLS 1106, or its equivalent (SLS 1125, SLS 1502, SLS 1505, SLS 1510, or IDS 1044) by their 30th earned college credit. 
Exception note: The following students are not required to complete SLS 1106:
If placement scores are college-level in all skill areas, students may be eligible for The Honors College and should check additional eligibility requirements at www.mdc.edu/honorscollege 
Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness
To contact a member from our team, please visit the Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness contact page.
SIE Service Request Form
Login to SharePoint Site
Visit Testing and Assessment
Please take a moment to fill out a Assessment, Evaluation, and Testing Survey of Satisfaction. The information you provide will help improve the quality of services provided.
