With the exception of students who meet the criteria for an exemption from common placement testing and developmental education instruction, the State Board of Education (SBOE) requires demonstration of readiness for degree seeking students and students who have not met college level competency either through the completion of developmental education requirements in the Florida College System or have not been awarded credit for college level coursework in the area of deficiency.  Methods for assessing communication and computation skills may be through any combination of approved common placement tests or alternate methods.  Non-exempt students whose assessment results indicate a need for developmental education shall enroll in developmental education in the area of the deficiency.  Students whose native language is not English may be required to take another test to measure their English proficiency and subsequently matriculate through EAP to demonstrate readiness.  Students with documented disabilities are provided appropriate testing modifications or accommodations.
The SBOE also requires institutions offering Postsecondary Career and Technical Education and Adult Education programs to test students pursuing these programs. Miami Dade College (MDC) may accept official test scores from approved academic institutions and approved regional workforce boards. Parameters for accepting these scores will be established between coordinating agencies.
This academic year's Placement Criteria Manual is divided into five sections and eight appendices.
To view Placement Criteria Manuals and Documents from previous years, please visit our Placement Criteria Archives.
Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness
To contact a member from our team, please visit the Strategy and Institutional Effectiveness contact page.
SIE Service Request Form
Login to SharePoint Site
Visit Testing and Assessment
Please take a moment to fill out a Assessment, Evaluation, and Testing Survey of Satisfaction. The information you provide will help improve the quality of services provided.
