
Caution! If you are  a financial aid student and are thinking about dropping your classes or  withdrawing from the college, please consult a Financial Aid  Advisor prior to withdrawing from your courses.
 If a student officially or unofficially withdraws from  all courses on or before the Withdraw  deadlines.  Federal regulations mandate that you repay  a portion or all of the aid paid to you, even if you have an approved petition  for a 100 percent refund. The amount of aid to be returned is based on a  formula provided by the U. S. Department of Education.
The Return of Title IV (R2T4) calculation is determined  by the number of days that a student attended classes during the term. If a  student attends less than 60% of the term, the student will need to repay a  portion of their financial aid funds.
*Once a student has completed more than 60% of the term,  the student will not incur repayment of financial aid funds; however, future  financial aid could be affected due to not meeting Satisfactory Academic  Progress.
Miami Dade College tuition refund policy is  separate from the federal requirement to return funds when a student withdraws.  The amount returned is not dependent on if the student received a refund or the amount of the refund.
Federal  regulations require Title IV aid to be refunded in the following order:
The student (or parents for a PLUS loan)  must return any loans funds in accordance with the terms of their promissory  note(s). That is, the student makes scheduled payments to the holder of the  loan over a period of time. 
Miami Dade College will repay any grant  overpayment to the applicable federal program on the student's behalf and the  student will be billed by Miami Dade College for any funds returned on their  behalf.
Students will be notified once a R2T4 calculation  is performed. If a student does not repay, the student is  not allowed to register for a future term and is not eligible for further  financial aid.
If you  received funding from the Federal Direct Loan Program, you must complete a Student Loan Exit Counseling
Note the following important information  regarding your student loans:
Military  Tuition Assistance (TA) is awarded to a student under the assumption that the  student will attend school for the entire period for which the assistance is  awarded. When a student withdraws, the student may no longer be eligible for  the full amount of TA funds originally awarded.  
To  comply with the new Department of Defense policy, Miami Dade College will  return any unearned TA funds on a prorate basis through at least the 60%  portion of the period for which the funds were provided. TA funds are earned  proportionally during an enrollment period, with unearned funds returned based  upon when a student stops attending. These funds are returned to the military  Service branch. 
Instances  when a Service member stops attending due to a military service  obligation,  the educational institution will work with the affected  Service member to identify solutions that will not result in student debt for  the returned portion.
The students' last date of attendance is  used to calculate percentage of earned TA .  The TA funds are prorated  based on the earned percentage.  Students who earned 60% or more are  considered to have earned 100%.   Miami Dade College will recalculate  eligibility based on the following formula:
Number of days  completed =  % of Earned Tuition Assistance / 
        Total days of the course (start to end)
**Disclaimer: This formula is based on a 16-week schedule.  Formula is prorated according to the session code. 
View Awards and Refunds
You may access your personalized Award Notice/College Financing Plan
Information about book advances.
Course Textbooks and Materials  
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
