You must have a valid MDC account in order to request transcripts. To access or reset your account, please visit the MDC Account Tools page.
An official transcript is the institution certified statement of your academic record. The official paper transcript is printed on security sensitive paper and contains the institution seal and signature of the college Registrar.
Unofficial transcripts are available to students as a personal record of their academic achievement. Please review your unofficial transcript to ensure your grades and/or degree are posted before ordering official transcripts.
Applicants for admission must request final, official academic transcripts from all secondary (high school) and postsecondary (college/university) attended. Domestic (U.S.) high school and/or college/university transcripts must be sent to Miami Dade College either electronically (by a third party) or by mail directly from institution(s) to institution. 
Your admission to the college remains incomplete until all required official transcripts are submitted. 
Transferring credits to Miami Dade College allows your previous academic study, examination, or career experience to be evaluated for possible college credit. 
We offer notarization services for official Miami Dade College diploma and transcripts at no cost. All requests must be placed by the student/alumni. 
If you wish to have your diploma notarized, please contact the Registrar’s Office via email at registrar@mdc.edu. To request a duplicate copy of your diploma, please contact the Admissions Office at your home campus.        
If you need to notarize your official transcript, please place your official transcript request order online and email Transcript Services at transcriptservices@mdc.edu with your notarization request. 
Our office does not provide the apostille certification on documents. 
Please visit the Procedure for Apostille Certification webpage for additional information. 
Miami Dade College is proud to announce that it will offer blockchain diplomas to its graduates starting with the Summer 2023 semester. Blockchain diplomas are digital credentials issued and verified using blockchain technology, a secure and fast way of transferring and storing information. Blockchain diplomas are tamper-proof, permanent, and easily shareable with employers, other schools, and social media platforms.
MDC is one of the leading colleges in the nation that offers blockchain diplomas to its graduates using WhiteFish, a trusted platform that provides blockchain services to educational institutions. WhiteFish allows students to download their diplomas on their smartphones or access them online without requesting copies from MDC. Students can also share their diplomas instantly with anyone who needs to verify them.
Blockchain diplomas are part of MDC’s commitment to innovation and excellence in education. MDC, a blockchain-powered innovative campus pioneer, also offers other blockchain services, such as transcripts, badges, and Learner’s Passport. 
For additional information or assistance regarding your diploma, please contact us at diplomas@mdc.edu or at 305-237-9100. 
Monday - Thursday 
                    8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. 
                    Friday 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. 
Transcript Processing Services Office
                    Telephone: (305) 237-2701 Email: transcriptservices@mdc.edu
Evaluation Services Office
                      Telephone: (305) 237-0440  
                      Email: evaluationservices@mdc.edu

11011 S.W. 104th Street, Room R301 Miami, Florida 33176-3393
Your feedback is important to us. Please take a moment to let us know how we're doing.
Take the Survey
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
