FASHION CHALLENGE
up·cy·cle
                                        \ ˈəp-ˌsī-kəl  \
                                    
verb
1. reuse (discarded objects or material) in such a way as to create a product of higher quality or value than the original.
For the 2023 Upcycle Challenge students are asked to create an outerwear garment using upcycled Denim. In the 
                                        spirit of making sustainable fashion, use your creativity to transform unwanted or waste material into a quality product that has
                                        artistic and commercial value.
                                    
First place winner will receive an MFI Upcycle full scholarship. The scholarship covers full in-state tuition for an A.S. in Fashion Merchandising or Fashion Design. Full scholarship valued at $7,093.20
View last year's winner
1st Place
2nd Place
3rd Place
Shantall Lacayo
Creative Director & Project Runway Winner
SHANTALL

Francesca Belluomini
Sustainable Fashion Educator, Circularity Advocate, Author
FB

Jacqueline Aramboles
Head of Sustainability Marketing
WM

                                Octavio Aguilar
Fashion Designer &
                                Project Runway Contestant
DOPE TAVIO
Fade Zu Grau
Designer &
                            Project Runway Season 13 
                                All Stars Season 5
Fade Zu Grau Artistry

You must be a student in Grade 5 through Grade 12.
Virtual Submissions are due Nov 28th, 2023, at 12pm. Online Submission Upload Link will be sent to you.  
In-Person Submissions are due Dec 2ndrd, 2023. Judging starts at 10am at: 
                              Miami Dade College, Wolfson Campus 
                              300 NE. 2nd Ave
                              Building 8, 6th Floor.
                          Miami, Florida 33132
In the spirit of seasons and fashion you are asked to create an outerwear garment suited to the energy of Miami.
Outerwear is clothing worn outdoors, or clothing designed to be worn outside other garments, as
                                opposed to underwear. It can be worn for formal or casual occasions, or as warm clothing during
                                winter.
                            
The student designer must use upcycled Denim for 75% of the garment. Students are encouraged to use
                                all of the original garment to make a new upcycled garment. You can do various types of fabric
                                manipulation including: bleaching, fraying, dying, distressing, embroidery, knotting, patches, etc.,. Have
                                fun, research and be creative.
                            
The full budget for the project has to be $15 or less. Donations or old and worn denim from parents or
                                friends are allowed.
                            
Student designers must complete 90% of the garment without outside help. If the judges
                                suspect the designer had an overabundance of assistance they will be disqualified without
                                discussion.
                            
Document your process from beginning to end. This includes:
Submit a four-slide presentation via the link that will be sent to you after you fill out the entry form online.
Virtual Submission Instructions
For virtual submissions, save document as “{Your Full Name}  Challenge Entry”. Upload to the link that will be provided.
In-Person Submissions Instructions
For in-person submission, print and bring Page 1, 2 and 3 with  you to the competition. You will not need Page 4.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
