Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Apply for Open Door. We will cover the cost of tuition, fees, exams, books, and more.
In as little as one year, you can earn your health informatics certificate and prepare for a career as a vital member of a wide variety of health care organizations. As experts in the computerization of health data and implementation of medical record systems, health care informatics specialists are an important liaison, helping to interpret, process, collect, and research health records and related data.
You’ll earn valuable real-world experience at medical facilities throughout South Florida, through the clinical portion of this program.
Build the skills you’ll need to succeed in the world of health care informatics. You’ll learn about:

Employment of medical records and health informatics specialists is expected to grow much faster than the average for all occupations, driven by an aging population and increasingly technical health care facilities. An education in health care informatics opens doors to a variety of workplaces that include:
Focusing on a specific job or set of skills, these programs require fewer credits than an associate degree and are Florida Department of Education Certified College Credit programs. The credits granted will apply to a related A.S. degree.
Additionally, the clinical experience portion of the program requires students to report to assigned clinical facilities within Miami Dade County.
The Health Informatics accreditor of Miami Dade College is the Commission on Accreditation for Health Informatics and Information Management Education (CAHIIM). The College’s accreditation for the Associate degree in Health Informatics has been reaffirmed through 2029. All inquiries about the program’s accreditation status should be directed by mail to CAHIIM, 200 East Randolph Street, Suite 5100, Chicago, IL, 60601; by phone at (312) 235-3255; or by email at info@cahiim.org.
Visit the Accreditation & Licensure page for more information.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
