Shark Start Orientation is a  program that will help you transition to MDC with everything you need to get started. Shark Start Orientation is required for all First-Time in College students, including recent high school graduates as well as adult learners attending college for the very first time.
These are steps you must complete before attending your  Shark Start Orientation.
 Shark Start Orientation will help you succeed as a new  member of the Shark family. At Shark Start, you can expect to:
Navigate is your personalized To-Do list.  Navigate will keep you up-to-date with the important to-dos on this very page.  It is also important you log in and opt-in to text messaging so that you can  receive important reminders straight to your mobile phone.
Help us get to know you by completing the  Sharks Intake Form. This will help us make  your first semester schedule and better support you as you make the  transition to MDC.
 Completing the FOA is a required step before  you can enroll in classes.

To remove the FOA hold you’ll need to follow the steps below:
Watch the video  in English |  Español
This online presentation  will introduce you to valuable information about programs, services and  opportunities at MDC. 
You have a variety of tools available to keep you connected and  informed. First, make sure you have created your MyMDC  account. Next, download these  must-have apps:
Yes! All first time in college students are required to attend a Shark Start orientation.
You can contact your campus New Student Center to sign up for another Shark Start orientation session.
Your Shark Start Orientation should run approximately 1 hour in length.
Yes, an academic advisor will be inviting you to make an appointment following your Shark Start Orientation. During this meeting, you will work together to create your MAP (My Academic Plan).
You will be registered and receive your first semester schedule at Shark Start orientation. 
Start by completing the MDC admission application and paying the $30 non-refundable application fee. High school graduates who attended as dual enrollment students need to complete a new application.
Password and Login Help
If you think you should qualify for Florida resident in-state fees, please complete the online FL Residency Declaration Form and upload copies of documentation proving your FL residency directly to the Admissions office. 

Make sure you have completed a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) to apply for federal financial aid. Apply even if you think you may not be eligible. Many scholarship programs require that students complete a FAFSA in order to be considered.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
