At the Hialeah Campus, we want our students to get the most out of their college experience. MDC Hialeah Campus offers a number of clubs and organizations and an array of academic support and enrichment activities to help our students succeed in school and as alumni. From orientation to graduation, Miami Dade College- Hialeah Campus creates opportunities that last a lifetime.
Visit Sharknet Now
The Student Government Association is the voice of the student body and represents students' interests and concerns to the campus leadership. Through Student Government, students build leadership, organizational and communication skills. They also have the opportunity to represent the student body in campus, collage, and statewide meetings.
The Reporter is the student newspaper at Miami Dade College. All content is produced by MDC students. The Reporter is a public forum of expression.
Evoking the atmosphere of literary cafes and the coffee culture of Hialeah, Café Cultura is an award winning arts magazine which showcases the creative talents of Hialeah Campus students.
 Advisor: Victor Calderin
                      P: 305-237-8764
Vcalderi@mdc.edu
 Advisor: Ivonne Lamazares
                      P: 305-237-8764
Ilamaza1@mdc.edu
Each campus has a culture that is as diverse its student body. Each offers an opportunity for teamwork and leadership. Can’t find a club that suits your interests? You can start a new organization.
The Bee Club is the newest and sweetest club in Hialeah. To BEE or not to BEE, we're all part of the solution. Field trips, service learning, fun activities, movies and healthy snacks.
Advisor: Prof. Ileana Porges-West
P: 305-237-8783
lporgesw@mdc.edu
The Chosen Generation Club provides students with the opportunity to come together in fellowship and participate in faith centered activities.
Discuss, debate and share ideas about issues currently going on in society. This will help develop critical thinking skills and help students develop their own personal philosophies.
Advisor: Josh Sheptow
P: 305-237-8851
jsheptow@mdc.edu 
True Colors Hialeah Pride Club aims to create a safe, supportive, and inclusive space for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Queer (LGBTQ) and allied communities on and off-campus.
Advisor(s):
Yunayki Oyarzabal
Yoyarzab@mdc.edu
Maria Guntin
Mguntin@mdc.edu
Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society provides opportunity for the development of leadership and service, for an intellectual climate for exchange of ideas and ideals, for lively fellowship for scholars, and for stimulation of interest in continuing academic excellence.
Advisor(s):
Dr. Kelly Kennedy
Kkennedy@mdc.edu
Dr. Mariana Molina 
Mmolina5@mdc.edu
Phi Beta Lambda provides opportunities for college students to develop competencies for business, gain leadership skills and improve their networking abilities.
Advisor: Veronica Ramsudar
                                        P: 305-237-8769
                                        
VRamsund@mdc.edu
We provide all SCHOLARS (Service-Centered, Holistic Opportunities for Learning, Achievement, Retention and Success) participants with a mentor as a way to ease their transition from high school to college.
Become a peer mentor today
Advisor: Manuel Rosa
MRosa@mdc.edu
SHPE changes lives by empowering the Hispanic  community to realize its fullest potential and to impact the world through STEM  awareness, access, support and development.
Advisor: Rodolfo Cruz
P: 305-237-8642                                      
Rcruz@mdc.edu
The purpose of Y.E.S. is to empower, motivate, and educate students about environmental issues facing societies today, inspiring leadership and taking action on a regular basis.
                                    Advisor: Karen Alvarez-Delfin
P: 305-237-8748
kalvare2@mdc.edu
Get Involved
                        The Student Life Department is where you can obtain your MDC student ID, parking decal, information about student organizations, activities calendars, and more.
Location: Rm 2102

P: 305-237-8742
Hours:
                        Monday - Thursday: 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
                        Friday: 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. 
Jordan Chang
                            Director 
jchang3@mdc.edu

Manuel Rosa
                          Engagement & Special Projects Coordinator
mrosa@mdc.edu

Hialeah Campus Student Life is now accepting donations for our food pantry. Needed items are canned food and hygiene products. For on campus pick up of donations call (305)-237-8831.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
