In general, these grants do not have to be repaid if the student abides by all of the terms and conditions of the award.
All federal grants are awarded to students based on financial need. The amount of the grant depends on several factors, such as:
Below are examples of some Grants (Gift Aid) offered:
FSEOG are awarded to undergraduate students with exceptional financial need – those with the lowest expected family contribution. Pell grant recipients receive priority for FSEOG awards.
FSEOG can vary depending on the total amount of aid you are receiving, so that receiving other aid might reduce the amount of your FSEOG award.
Once FSEOG funding has been depleted, no further grants will be awarded. Even if you have qualified for an FSEOG, you are not guaranteed to receive one. Because of this, it is important to apply as early as possible.
To qualify for the FSEOG grant, you must be eligible to receive a Pell Grant.
You may be eligible for this grant if you are completing course work needed to become a teacher. In exchange for the grant, you must sign an "Agreement to Serve" as a full-time teacher at certain low-income schools and within certain high-need fields for at least a total of four academic years within eight years after completing (or ceasing enrollment in) the course of study for which you received the grant.
If you receive the grant (up to $4,000 annually) and fail to carry out the terms of the agreement, the grant amounts received are treated as an unsubsidized direct loan and must be repaid with interest.
To apply for a TEACH Grant, you must:
 High-need fields that fulfill the terms of the "Agreement to Serve" include mathematics, science, foreign language, bilingual education and English language acquisition, special education. For more information, visit The Department of Education's TEACH grant page.
The Office of Student Financial Assistance State Programs, part of the Florida Department of Education, maintains several educational state-funded grants and scholarships. In addition, you'll also find a wealth of information concerning student financial assistance.
Learn more about State Grants and Scholarships. 
Access consumer-related resources 
 Single Stop offers students a wide array of services including benefits screening, free tax preparation, financial coaching, Food Pantry for Students and health insurance assistance. Find out more here.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
