Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) certificate program prepares already licensed Nuclear Medicine, Radiography, Radiation Therapy or Ultrasound Technologists to become MRI technologists.
American Registry of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT) certification examination in Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
This program takes 1 year or less.
The Advanced Technical Certificate in Magnetic Resonance Imaging program is a 15-credit hour program to prepare individuals who currently hold a Radiologic Technologist license from the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT) or American Registry for Diagnostic Medical Sonography (ARDMS) in either Nuclear Medicine, Radiography, Radiation Therapy or Ultrasound Technologists. Students will acquire knowledge of MRI scanning technology to include history and development, equipment, terminology, patient preparation and care, principles of image formation, acquisition, and production. Furthermore, students will gain knowledge of MRI pulsing sequence, gradient magnetic fields and anatomic section orientation.
 The program content follows the American Society of Radiologic Technologists (ASRT) curriculum to prepare program completers for the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists (ARRT) certification examination in Magnetic Resonance Imaging.

Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
