Area of Study at MDC: Chemical Engineer 
Campus: North
UN SDGs of Interest: 5, 6, 7 and 16.
Essence Words :
                        Learning, empathy, and leadership  
                    
What does changemaking mean to you? How do you define what changemaking is to someone who's never heard the term?

                Changemaking is the act of being a change in your community; to see an issue and to tackle that issue in creative ways. Be the change that is necessary to make the world a better place.  
            
Why do you consider yourself a changemaker? What issues are at the center of your changemaking work?
  I consider myself a changemaker because of my passions: education, climate change, and human rights as 
                well as voter education. Knowing that my peers were not aware of the importance of voting and how to be part of the change, 
                I, along with some amazing people, 
                started a student led club on campus that focuses on voter education in the hope of getting the younger generation involved. 
            
What would you tell a student who would like to start their journey as a changemaker? 
Be open to learning and understanding issues that may not affect your group but also affect others in the world. When you begin this journey, you are on the path to gain proper knowledge in whatever issue is that you are fighting for.
            
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
