Our associate degrees and certificate programs are designed to meet the needs of students interested in becoming tomorrow’s professionals. Our FAA-approved courses blend theory with application to provide students with the theoretical knowledge and real-world skills needed to succeed in the 21st century.
Transportation and Logistics 
            According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, transportation and logistics operations is the second largest employment sector in the United States.
Aviation
            Carrying approximately two million passengers per day− or almost one billion people per year− aircraft are regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration to ensure the safety of its people and cargo....


Explore our career paths
Every site is equipped with simulators to provide our students with the hands-on experience they need to demonstrate mastery in all content areas of study.


Learn more about our simulators
The MDC School of Aviation has a partnership agreement with local flight providers. In accordance with FAA regulations, the school operates under Part 141 certification and approval.
View our continuing education courses
Explore all three locations
Tours of the Eig-Watson School of Aviation and Information Sessions are held on Wednesdays at our Miami Executive Airport location and on Fridays at our Miami International Airport location.  All tours are from 10 am - 12 noon. To schedule your tour please email us at haviation@mdc.edu or call 305-237-5900.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
