Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
The Business Administration Associate in Arts pathway includes courses in  accounting, business law and finance, as well as more generalized courses in  mathematics. Students who wish to enter this field and work as managers may  choose to also pursue a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Supervision &  Management or Supply Chain Management at the MDC School of Business. Students  may also transfer to senior colleges or universities that offer baccalaureate  degrees in management.
This is a pathway program. The AA degree pathway is designed to prepare  students to transfer to four-year institutions by providing them with the  necessary general education credits and elective courses. Earning an Associate  of Arts (AA) degree at MDC guarantees admission into one of the state's public  universities where students can complete a bachelor's degree. An  advisor will work with you to determine which elective courses will lay the  best foundation for your selected major and continued studies.
Can't wait two years to earn your associate in arts degree? The Fast Track Associate in Arts program with a pathway to a degree in Business Administration, will let you earn your degree in just one year (four semesters).

Graduates of this program may find employment in areas  such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Get help on campus
305-237-8888
 Use Live Chat
Get direct help with admissions, registration, or any other questions you may have.Make an Appointment
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
