So you want to own and run a child care center? Here are the credentialing requirements needed:
Level 1 credential is awarded to completers with no documented child care experience.
Level 2 credential is awarded to completers with documented child care experience.
In order to encourage higher levels of attainment, MDC SOE ECE offers the courses that lead to the Advanced Director’s Credential.
To obtain the Advanced Director’s Credential the student must complete courses as follows:
To renew the Director’s credential, a 3-credit course must be taken before the credential expires.
The course to renew the credential may be taken from the Administrative Track or one of our ECE state-approved renewal courses.
Go to www.myflorida.com/childcare/training and click on “Additional Resources.” Find “Training and Credentialing” and then “Director’s Renewal Application.” Complete the form, complete any additional requirements that you may need, and attach a copy of all transcripts. Questions? Call the Child Care Training Information Center at 888-352-2842.
MDC SOE ECE administers the courses in the United Way’s grant-funded Early Childhood Professional Administrators Institute (ECPAI) program.
In partnership with United Way Center for Excellence in Early Education, MDC SOE offers the courses that lead to the Advanced Director’s credential. MDC SOE and the United Way partnership have graduated over 250 center directors from this program. Contact the United Way for more information.
A student is eligible to receive a Staff Credential from the Department of Children and Families (DCF) to work in an Early Childhood facility, if s/he has an associate degree or higher and has completed 6 college credits in Early Childhood Education. Go to www.myflorida.com/childcare/training and click on “Training and Credentialing” and then “Staff Credential.” Complete the form, complete any additional requirements that you may need, and attach a copy of all transcripts. Please see an MDC SOE Advisor for more information.
