How can I create a better world? Learn more about Miami Dade College’s changemaking framework and how you can connect with us to make change happen!
                                

2017-2020 Impact Report
A journey to help you find ways to think innovatively about your approach to social change
Social Entrepreneurship is a buzz word. In Daniela Papi-Thornton's talk, she explores how the concept has narrowed down over time and is often used simply to refer to social businesses.
Achieving impact through the everyone a changemaker revolution
                                Description: Interview with Bill Drayton (Founder, Ashoka) by Dana S. Gulley
Forbes article on how educators, and others, must rethink education to prepare the next generation
World Economic Forum article on the development of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
Link to RELX Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Resource Centre
“Nations United: Urgent Solutions for Urgent Times” – an extremely relevant video on the impacts and solutions needed most right now.
Link to 2019 United Nations Sustainable Development Report
The SPI captures outcomes related to all 17 SDGs in a simple but rigorous framework.
Exploring the UN Sustainable Developtment goals.
An overview of the five principles that bring ideas to life.
A library guide of links, videos, and resources around changemaking.
Resources and catalog of changemaking events and programs at MDC Homestead campus.
Resources and Catalog of changemaking events and programs at MDC Kendall campus.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
