Get Online. Get Ahead. Graduate.™
All Miami Dade College students must abide by the policies, procedures and guidelines as outlined in The Student Rights and Responsibilities. Students enrolled at MDC exclusively in the off-campus or distance learning programs shall abide by all applicable policies and procedures.
The Student’s Rights and Responsibilities website provides students with the basic information they need to know. Students may find these College policies and procedures helpful in understanding the College processes which impact their experience at MDC. Please note that these are subject to change as circumstances may require.
Students may refer to the Student's Rights and Responsibilities for information that includes, but is not limited to the following items –
Miami Dade College and MDC Online desire to resolve any concerns in a timely and fair manner by taking the appropriate actions to best serve students. MDC Online receives feedback, inquiries, and other concerns from students by email, phone, or in person. Those who wish to submit comments or report any issues may contact the Student Support Center by calling 305-237-3800 or by emailing online@mdc.edu.
All students – regardless of the state in which they reside – must first go through MDC’s complaint procedures. If an issue cannot be resolved internally, a complaint may be filed with the Florida Commission for Independent Education by sending an email to FLSARAinfo@fldoe.org.
For more information, please see our Distance Learning Complaint Process.
 Login to Canvas
 Live Chat Support
The Student Support Center can help resolve technical issues and answer questions about current and future courses and semesters. Current and prospective students can submit a ticket by emailing online@mdc.edu and will receive a response from the Student Support team.
For more information and assistance, please contact our Student Support Center:
Phone:305-237-3800
Email Us:online@mdc.edu
Schedule an Appointment:
Set up an appointment to meet with an MDC Online Student Support Team Member
Hours:
			Monday - Thursday: 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET
			Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET
Miami Dade College desires to resolve student grievances, complaints and concerns in an expeditious, fair and amicable manner.  Out of state students who are enrolled in a Miami Dade College online course who have a complaint about a course or experience should go to the Students' Rights & Responsibilities website and select the Student Complaints link to view the MDC Student Complaints Procedure (4032).
Distance education students, who have completed the internal institutional grievance process and the applicable state grievance process, may appeal non-instructional complaints to the FL-SARA PRDEC Council.  For addition information on the complain process, please visit the FL-SARA Complaint Process.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
