Located in downtown Miami, Wolfson Campus offers innovative education in a unique environment: the financial, government, and cultural center of the "Magic City."
In addition to its variety of educational opportunities, Wolfson Campus is also home to renowned arts and cultural events.
Offers a bachelor, associate, and certificate programs with a focus on practical skills that can help you build a career or a business.
We offer noncredit courses for individuals who want to enrich their cultural experiences or improve their professional or occupational skills.
EnTec provides its students with unmatched opportunity and access to in-demand and exciting careers. The fields of technology and engineering touch our lives at nearly every moment of the day.
The Honors College brings together rigorous academics, global perspective, leadership experiences, and an experienced faculty to create a rich and distinguished learning experience.
Miami Dade College offers students the opportunity to earn a degree online through MDC Online. Browse our list of courses and degree programs to determine if MDC Online is right for you!
The mission of the Earth Ethics Institute is to foster Earth Literacy in the course objectives of each discipline and all campus operations at Miami Dade College, as well as in the South Florida Community and the extended Earth community beyond.
iCED's mission is to transform learning, strengthen democracy, and contribute meaningfully to the common good by awakening and empowering students for lifelong civic engagement.
MAGIC offers an Associate in Science degree in Animation & Game Art or Game Development & Design, and Immersive Technologies Certificate program on virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR).
MFI is an international fashion hub and the only one of its kind at a public higher learning institution in Florida. Offering degrees in Fashion Design and Fashion Merchandising, MFI works with local and international designers to develop a 21st century skilled workforce that supports industry growth and demand.
Mixing a blend of classic skills and innovative techniques used by the world's best chefs, Miami Culinary Institute offers an educational experience that is at the forefront of the industry.
The Center is for readers and actors, book lovers and theater aficionados. It is for aspiring writers and award-winning authors, children learning to sound out their first words, and college students ready to make their mark on society.
The IDEA Center's mission is to enable all MDC students to succeed in a disruptive, knowledge-based economy by teaching them world-class innovation, technology and entrepreneurship skills.
The Reading and Writing Center at MDC Wolfson provides tutorial assistance to students at all levels currently enrolled in MDC courses that emphasize reading, writing, speaking, and listening.
The Learning SPOT is an academic support area which provides a friendly and warm environment that promotes college success strategies through supportive staff and an excellent repository of resources.
ARCOS offers support services, academic assistance, and innovative programming to students studying STEM subjects - science, technology, engineering, and mathematics - at Wolfson Campus.
Offers an array of credit courses in art history, critical thinking/ethics, dance, humanities, music, philosophy, photography, studio art, and theater.
Guides students through the challenges of their first two years of academic writing.
Prepares students for a variety of careers in the exciting global field of hospitality, travel and tourism.
Will help you become confident in your ability to solve problems - the very heart of mathematics.
Offers a wide range of preparatory courses primarily designed for the student working toward an associate in arts or associate in science degree in all the areas of science, physical education, and sports medicine.
Offers associate in arts degrees in the theoretical social sciences of anthropology, history, political science, psychology, and sociology.
Offers a paralegal studies program that has a celebrated reputation throughout the legal community.
Offers language training in English-as-a-second language, Chinese (Mandarin), French, Italian, Portuguese, Russian and Spanish.
The Fast Track Sharks program at the Wolfson Campus is a unique program designed to help new students transition to college by providing a strong academic foundation, individualized advisement,and a supportive learning environment.
Miami Dade College campuses offer more than 300 programs of study across several degree options, including associate and bachelor degrees, certificate programs, vocational training, and non-credit courses.
                        
Our Learning Resources labs and centers can help you make the grade. Stop in for one-on-one help, computer tutorials and more.
                        
Need to get in touch? Many of our offices are available to answer your questions over the phone or through e-mail.
                        
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
