The Physical Ability Test (PAT) is one component of the entry-level selection process for the position of Law Enforcement officer.
 Visit the Law Enforcement PAT  form to register for the physical abilities test (PAT) either for the law enforcement academy (BLE) or for another law enforcement agency and follow these steps: 
STEP ONE – Complete all of the required fields on the form. 

STEP TWO – Click on the “Submit” button once you have filled out the form. 

STEP THREE – Log in to your email to verify your signature. 

STEP FOUR – Call the North Campus, Bursar’s Office to make your payment. 
STEP FIVE – Complete the applicant fields of the Physician Consent Form  and call your doctor’s office to request a time to have him or her fill out the form.  Your doctor MUST include his or her license number and/or stamp the document so that we know they have given proper consent.  You will also need to complete and sign the Liability Waiver Form. 
STEP SIX – Email a copy of the payment receipt you got from the Bursar’s Office, your completed Physician Consent Form, and Liability Waiver to nac@mdc.edu to schedule your PAT test date.

            NOTE - If testing for another law enforcement agency, it is the responsibility of the applicant to check that they accept the PAT from Miami Dade College. 
For more information, download the  Physical Abilities Test packet
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
