Seamless transfer to FIU and other state universities
Impactful Changemaking Leadership Workshops
Small class sizes and individualized attention  
Opportunities to participate in undergraduate research
Dedicated student success coaches
Cutting edge study programs in emerging fields
The Presidential Scholars Program offers competitive scholarships to high school students based on academic achievement. The awards cover tuition and fees, plus a stipend for living expenses.
In addition, scholars will be invited to participate in  unique co-curricular opportunities of career preparation, leadership  development, academic research, civic engagement trips, social events and more.
                        A campus support team is in place to provide scholars with  concierge care of an assigned academic advisor, learning resources, student  life and more. Recipients will also have the opportunity to meet with the  College President each term and join top industry leaders at roundtables and  community events.
The scholarship covers tuition and fees for all semesters at  the in-state tuition rate. Recipients will also receive a $500.00 stipend  during the fall and spring terms and $250.00 during the summer term.
Scholarship Signature  Highlights
Important Dates
The scholarship covers up to 60 credits toward the completion of an A.A. or A.S. degree, or whichever comes first. 
Before you apply for this program, you must first apply for admission 
Apply Now
In order to maintain eligibility, all Presidential Scholars must meet the following criteria: 
Failure to meet these requirements may result in loss of status as a Presidential Scholar and any program funds. There are no provisions for reinstatement in the program.
To successfully submit your scholarship application please follow these steps:
FAQs:
View a list of our Frequently Asked Questions.
Contact us:
presidentialscholars@mdc.edu
                            305-237-8888
Social

LinkedIn
Instagram


Why MDC?


C

Connection: Small class sizes and meaningful connections with faculty and staff so you can get the support you need



A

Academics: With over 300 programs pathways and top majors for in-demand jobs, MDC has its finger on the pulse of the changing workplace 



R

Resources: Unmatched personalized resources such as tutoring, mentoring, internships, dedicated work spaces, study abroad opportunities, access to college leadership and more



E

Engagement: Unique opportunities to assume leadership roles and engage with the MDC community in fulfilling and important ways




presidentialscholars@mdc.edu
                            305-237-8888
Social
Connection: Small class sizes and meaningful connections with faculty and staff so you can get the support you need
Academics: With over 300 programs pathways and top majors for in-demand jobs, MDC has its finger on the pulse of the changing workplace 
Resources: Unmatched personalized resources such as tutoring, mentoring, internships, dedicated work spaces, study abroad opportunities, access to college leadership and more
Engagement: Unique opportunities to assume leadership roles and engage with the MDC community in fulfilling and important ways
The scholarship is made possible by the generosity of members of the Greater Miami community, such as the Mitchell Wolfson Sr. Foundation. These benefactors recognize the importance of a college education and are pleased to support the quality education offered by MDC.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
