Let’s say you are looking for a specific item (book, article, DVD, or something else) at your campus library but it is not available. Resource sharing is when one library loans something you need to another library so that you can borrow it. ICL (or Intercampus loan) is when we have an item sent from another MDC campus to your campus so you can easily pick it up. ILL (or Interlibrary Loan) is when we get that item from a library system outside of MDC.
Current Miami Dade College faculty, staff, and students may make resource sharing requests. A valid MDID must be presented when borrowing any material at MDC libraries.
No, Resource Sharing is provided to eligible patrons at no cost. If an item borrowed from another library is lost or damaged, you will be charged for replacement of the item plus a processing fee determined by the lending library.
If a bill for replacement charges is not resolved, a hold may be placed on your MDC account and you won’t be able to register for classes or receive transcripts until payment is made.
It depends on what you need and where it comes from. Articles may arrive electronically (if available online) within 24 hours. Some books (or other items) may take up to 2 weeks to arrive depending on the distance of the lending library, holidays, scarcity of the item, and other variables. Generally, you can expect to wait between 3-7 business days.
You will be notified at your MDC email address or by phone when the item is ready for pickup.
Loan times vary depending on the rules of the lending library.
To place an ICL request, search and locate an item in the MDC Library Catalog. Click "Place a Hold" to request the item from another campus. Select the desired pickup location and click "Place Request."
To place an ILL request for an item not found in the MDC Library Catalog, search and locate an item in the Statewide Union Catalog. Click "UBorrow Request" to request the item from another institution. Select the desired pickup location and click "Send Request".
If you are still unable to find what you're looking and would like a librarian help you with this request, please fill out the Interlibrary Loan Request form to place an ILL request worldwide.
