Students pursuing a STEM degree need a solid academic plan to ensure they enroll in the correct sequence of courses. STEM advisors are committed to supporting you with your academic endeavors from admissions to graduation. Individual advising sessions may include assistance with the following:
View STEM advisors
Looking for opportunities open to MDC STEM students? Want to connect with students who share your interests? Ignite your Journey with our MDC STEM Student Communities!STEM Student Central: Your ultimate hub for all things STEM - explore endless opportunities, resources, and so much more.
STEM Together: Connect, collaborate, conquer alongside MDC STEM peers. Share ideas, ask questions, and empower one another.
Don't miss out – Join now and be part of the conversation!                                   
Note: Students must log in with their MDC credentials.
Join the Conversation!
Our STEM SMART Peer Navigators are Miami Dade College (MDC) experienced students who have excelled in various academic areas within STEM. Peer Navigators provide tutoring services in subjects such as Chemistry, Biology, Physics, and Calculus as well as peer mentoring. Peer Navigators help students foster a positive identity and create bonds that go beyond the classroom. Seeking the services of a Peer Navigator will enhance and increase student persistence and connection to the college experience as well as further enhance the quality and success of their academic experience. Our Peer Navigators are available both in-person at MDC campuses college wide and virtually.
For more information on how to connect with or become a Peer Navigator, contact Dr. Marie Castor at mcastor@mdc.edu
SHARK PALS (Peer Academic Leaders for STEM) is an opportunity for high-achieving North Campus students who excel in STEM subjects to actively participate in activities that promote STEM learning and engagement. They support students in STEM related courses such as algebra, chemistry, and physics. SHARK PALS are required to maintain a minimum GPA of 3.0 and can serve as learning assistants, lab assistants, tutors, PLTL (Peer-Led Team Learning) leaders, and/or cyber PLTL leaders. SHARK PALS promote other activities, such as organizing outreach events, sharing information, giving campus tours, conducting interactive science demonstrations, participating in career panel discussions or different STEM activities on campus, including leading the STEM Summer Bridge Program. In recognition of their efforts, Shark PALS receive a stipend for their valuable contributions to supporting and promoting STEM education and inclusion.
For more information, please contact Ms. Regine Romelus rromelus@mdc.edu.
To apply: STEM SHARK Peer Academic Leaders (PALS)_ Application form
To learn more about SHARK PALS: STEM PACTS _Lib guide
The STEM Transfer Application Fee Reimbursement Program provides students the opportunity to apply to transfer to a four-year/upper-division STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) program of their choice. The program assists STEM students by providing transfer stipends to offset application fees to their transfer institutions. The stipend can reimburse up to three (3) college applications for transfer into a baccalaureate degree STEM program, up to $300 total (depending on availability of funds).
For more information contact:Kristen Moorekmoore5@mdc.edu
This year-round workshop series provides academic support and motivation to students completing courses in a STEM pathway. The college proudly welcomes professionals in STEM industries to share their experiences and journey in the field. The fostering of student engagement, confidence, and self-motivation supports successful STEM student understanding of math and science-related programs and career pathways. Events are open to all majors.
For more information contact:
Emma FranckEmail: efranck@mdc.edu
The College Tour helps to raise student awareness of educational and transfer opportunities at various in-state four-year institutions. During this field trip students will learn about STEM degree programs, the admissions process, and student financial opportunities available to transfer students.
For more information contact:
Jovan WintEmail: jwint@mdc.edu
