Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Students selected to progress  to the Miami Dade College Physician Assistant Program must possess the capacity to complete the entire curriculum in order to achieve the AS-Health Sciences + BAS- Health Sciences with a Concentration in Physician Assistant Studies and the Masters in Health Science degree from the affiliated institution.
The PA curriculum  requires demonstrated proficiency in a variety of cognitive, affective, and  psychomotor skills. These are essential qualities considered necessary to  achieve the knowledge, skills and levels of competency stipulated for  graduation by the faculty and expected of the professional program by its  accrediting agency, the Accreditation Review Commission on Education for the  Physician Assistant, Inc (ARC-PA).
All students selected to progress   to the PA program must possess the following abilities and expectations and  must maintain these standards throughout the student's progress through the PA  program. During the educational process, in the event that a student is unable  to fulfill these technical standards – with or without reasonable  accommodations – the student may be dismissed from the program.
Observation
Students must be able to observe demonstrations, exercises and patients accurately at a distance and close at hand and note non-verbal as well as verbal signals.
Communication
Students should be able to speak intelligibly, hear sufficiently; elicit and transmit patient information in oral and written English to members of the healthcare team. Communicate effectively and sensitively with patients. Students must possess demonstrated reading skills at a level sufficient to accomplish curricular requirements and provide clinical care for patients.
Sensory and Motor Coordination and Function
The student must be able to perform gross and fine motor movements with sufficient coordination needed to perform complete physical examinations utilizing the techniques of inspection, palpation, percussion, and auscultation, and other diagnostic maneuvers. A student must develop the psychomotor skills reasonably needed to perform or assist with procedures, treatments, administration of medication, management and operation of diagnostic and therapeutic medical equipment utilized in the general and emergent care of patients required in practice as a physician assistant. The student must be able to maintain consciousness and equilibrium; have sufficient levels of postural control, neuromuscular control, and eye-to-hand coordination; and to possess the physical and mental stamina to meet the demands associated with extended periods of sitting, standing, moving, and physical exertion required for satisfactory performance in the clinical and classroom settings.
Intellectual, Conceptual, Integrative, and Quantitative Abilities
The student must be able to develop and refine problem-solving skills that are crucial to practice as a physician assistant. Problem solving involves the ability to comprehend three-dimensional relationships and understand the spatial relationships of structures; to measure, calculate reason, analyze, and synthesize objective and subjective data, and to make decisions that reflect consistent and thoughtful deliberation and sound clinical judgment. A student must have the capacity to read and comprehend medical literature. Each student must demonstrate mastery of these skills and the ability to incorporate new information from peers, teachers, and the medical literature to formulate sound judgment in patient assessment and diagnostic and therapeutic planning.
Behavioral and Social Attributes
Flexibility, compassion, integrity, motivation, effective interpersonal skills, and concern for others are personal attributes required of those in physician assistant practice. Personal comfort and acceptance of the role of a dependent practitioner functioning under supervision is essential for training and practice as a physician assistant. The exercise of good judgment; the prompt completion of all responsibilities in the classroom setting, as well as those in the clinical setting attendant to the diagnosis and care of patients; and the development of mature, sensitive, and effective relationships with patients and other members of the health care team. Each student must have the emotional stability required to exercise stable, sound judgment and to complete assessment and interventional activities. The ability to establish rapport and maintain sensitive, interpersonal relationships with individuals, families, and groups from a variety of social, emotional, cultural and intellectual backgrounds is critical for practice as a physician assistant. The student must be able to tolerate physically taxing loads and still function effectively under stress; adapt to changing environments; graciously accept constructive criticism; manage difficult interpersonal relationships during training; and learn to function cooperatively and efficiently in the face of uncertainties inherent in clinical practice.
ADA Standards (Americans with Disabilities Act)
In keeping with its  mission and goals, and in compliance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act  of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Medical Campus promotes an  environment of respect and support for persons with disabilities and will make  reasonable accommodations. The definition of individuals with disabilities are  those who currently have, have a record of having, or are regarded as having a  physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more major life  activity. Major life activities include caring for one's self, performing  manual tasks, walking, seeing, hearing, breathing, and working
An individual who poses  a direct threat to the health or safety of others or themselves may be denied  admission, progression or graduation. The college's determination that a person  poses a direct threat will be based on an individualized assessment that relies  on current medical evidence or on the best available evidence to assess the  nature, duration, and severity of the risk and the probability that the  potential injury will actually occur.
*Due to the unique  responsibilities involved in all School of Health Sciences Allied Health  professions, each department reserves the right to require that the student who  appears to be unsuited for any program therein withdraw from the program and be  guided into another curriculum of study at the college.
This program is competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
Questions about this or other programs at the Medical Campus?
Visit our virtual  room to speak to an advisor. No appointment is necessary.
New Student Center - Room 1113 
Monday - Thursday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Friday, 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Medical Campus address and directions
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
