Your opinion matters
Below is a list of the most frequently asked questions. Click or  tap on any of the questions to view the answer. For additional information,  please contact the AET@mdc.edu.
There are two options to access your online student feedback. 1). You can access your surveys by logging into Canvas. After logging in, you will receive a pop-up window with a message to ask you to complete your survey; 2). You can access your surveys via your MyMDC emails on the first day of the online administration period for your course(s). Reminder emails will be sent out to you every 3 days if you have not completed the survey. Please refer to EK Quick Guide for Students for detailed instructions.
You will begin to receive emails via your MyMDC account, which includes a unique link to the survey on the first day of the online administration period for your course(s). Depending on the term, email reminders are sent to the non-responders every three (3) days. You may not have to take the survey in a specific term, please verify it with your faculty.
Yes, you will receive email reminders throughout the administration period if you still have surveys to complete. Additionally, a pop-up reminder will appear when you access Canvas home page. You can select to complete the survey later, but the pop-up will continue to display until you have completed all of your surveys. 
No, instructors cannot see who has or has not completed the survey for the course. Some instructors may offer incentives for students to complete course surveys. You will receive a certificate of completion in your email for each evaluation that you complete. This certificate of completion is for your own record. You may choose to email this certificate to your instructor to provide proof that the survey was completed for the course.
If you have completed all of your surveys, your Canvas’s home page will show that you have no surveys left to complete.
Yes, your survey responses are absolutely anonymous. Instructors will not know which student responded or what responses individual student provided. Instructors do not receive any identifying information within their survey results.
Either because the administration period for the class has not yet started or it has ended. The survey is only available during the scheduled administration period for the class. Please  refer to the Student Feedback Key Dates and/or contact the  faculty member teaching the class to find out the scheduled administration  dates for the class.
 Student View for Feedback reports will be available in the beginning of the subsequent term. You can view the reports via this link: Student Feedback Reports.
 There are some faculty (for example, continuing contract faculty) who are not required to participate in the student feedback in the Spring and Summer terms.
Regarding your concerns, you can communicate with the department chairs or dean of faculty at the campus where you take the courses to address your concerns. 
 The student feedback survey is a one-time-only survey. If you have any specific technical issues with the survey itself or if you made a mistake on your survey, you can send your email to AET@mdc.edu with your justification in terms of why you need to retake the survey. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
