Empowered Dreams Gain Economic-mobility
The EDGE Scholarship Program is no longer accepting any more applicants. The number of maximum student’s awardees reached. No more funding is available until further notice.
Please feel to browse and apply for other active MDC scholarships/grants. You can visit the  Financial Aid/Scholarships section for more information.
Apply for Kick-Start today.
The EDGE (Empowered Dreams Gain Economic mobility) program at Miami Dade College is designed to help students obtain the tools they need to join the workforce in a high-demand, high-wage field.
Enrolled students will be supported to ensure they are taking courses that prepare them for the jobs of tomorrow, while responding to the needs of employers in our community. Through this program, students will receive tuition assistance, mentorship opportunities, access to internships, and dedicated advisors who will help them navigate the college experience. They will also work with MDC Works, our career studio, to enhance their resumes, conduct mock interviews, apply for jobs and, ultimately, find employment.
This program is designed to help students obtain a job upon graduation. Those applying for this scholarship opportunity should bear in mind that they will be expected to use their degree to seek employment upon graduation. 
Our  partnership with MDC Works Career Studio allows  you to:
School of Global Business:
School of Culinary/Hospitality:
School of Health Sciences:
School of Justice, Public Safety and Law Studies:
Students admitted in the EDGE program will need to maintain program eligibility requirements to sustain their scholarship. These requirements include:
Deadline: 3 weeks before each term.
View academic calendar.
Students  having challenges showing or meeting college readiness requirements should  contact:
        Simon Zenck
EDGE Grant Manager
        Ph: 305-237-9676
      Email: szenck@mdc.edu
This opportunity is made possible through financial support from Bank of America and PepsiCo Foundation.
         
 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
