Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
Oracle’s products power the businesses of 370,000 clients around the globe – including all of the Fortune 100 companies. Employers need workers that are skilled in the administration of databases built on Oracle's industry-leading software.
At MDC, our instructors can teach you those skills in just two semesters. Upon completion of the program, students are prepared to obtain certification though Oracle examination. All credits earned as part of this certificate program transfer to the associate in science in networking database technology. This is a great way to expand your skill set and your opportunities
Courses in this comprehensive program offer extensive hands-on learning opportunities. Learning from experienced instructors in state-of-the-art classrooms, students are taught installation, configuration and administration of Oracle7 and Oracle8; concepts of both relational and object relational databases and the powerful SQL and PL/SQL programming languages; storage, retrieval and manipulation of data; backup and recovery of information; and performance tuning techniques. Courses topics included:

Computer networks are an important part of everyday life and the demand for skilled workers is expected to grow much faster than the average for all occupations. Trends in health care and mobile technologies are driving growth in this field. While opportunities exist for workers with job experience, candidates with certifications are much more likely to attain employment. Continued studies in this field may lead to a range of career options such as:
Ready to take the first step? Applying to the College is quick and easy. Get started today.
Advisors are available to assist you by providing general information about MDC's programs and services.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
