No cost
              for participants
Academic
              assistance
Entrance Exam 
              preparation
Assistance
              with GI benefits
A stipend for
              participants
One-on-one 
              tutoring
"These last two years have been a rollercoaster, but in the face of adversity I always had support from this amazing Veteran’s Upward Bound program." 
-Jonathan Herrera, Veterans Upward Bound Student
Read More
The Veterans Upward Bound (VUB) program is a no-cost initiative targeting veterans that are seeking to engage in postsecondary education. Through the program, eligible veterans can obtain a basic skills assessment, preparation for standardized postsecondary tests, assistance with GI benefits and forms, and linkage to various support groups and services around the community. In addition, eligible veterans will receive academic tutoring, aid in course selection, information on federal student financial aid programs, a stipend and other additional services ranging from financial literacy to career-related and cultural enrichment activities. 
Veterans Upward Bound (VUB) is a federally funded program housed at Miami Dade College that assists veterans entering or reentering post-secondary education. Veterans have unique challenges transitioning from military service to post-secondary education. Let us help you become college ready by taking advantage of the many services we offer.
Get access to career fairs, internships, mentoring, service projects, career counseling and other career-oriented activities.
Apply Now
Success coaching:
Participants meet directly with student success coaches, who will provide monitoring, advising and case management specific to their educational needs.
Tutoring and instruction in online refresher courses, including:
Assistance with:
Additionally, participants must meet one or more of the following criteria:
We encourage all interested veterans to contact us to discuss eligibility.
Service offered throughout various MDC campuses with remote student success coach access.
Please contact us to learn more:


Frances Solomon                         
              VUB    Grant Director
fsolomon@mdc.edu
              305-237-0509


Doreen Masferrer
             Student Success Coach
dmasferr@mdc.edu
              305-237-2816


 E-mail: vub@mdc.edu 
Department Phone number: 305-237-2815
        
Not ready? Request more information.

Frances Solomon                         
              VUB    Grant Director
fsolomon@mdc.edu
              305-237-0509
Doreen Masferrer
             Student Success Coach
dmasferr@mdc.edu
              305-237-2816
Not ready? Request more information.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
