
                    Igniting Passion for Changemaking and Building Skills
                
We’re all passionate about students and learning. When this passion is combined with our 
                own interest in creating positive change, the impact is greater. We invite you to share 
                your vision and creativity to help students raise their voices and understand what’s 
                possible. Your contributions to changemaker education create an integrated learning 
                pathway that embeds social responsibility into all disciplines and promotes agency 
                within every student.
            
These three elements will help you infuse changemaker education into the student experience: 
A changemaker faculty or staff stays engaged and invested in ongoing learning. A changemaker educator 
                    takes students beyond the classroom to interact with different perspectives of an issue and apply what
                    they’re learning.  Here are some opportunities that can help you in your work to bring changemaking
                    into your space with students: 
                
Consider engaging ways to Integrate a little civic action into your 
                                        classroom or some academic service-learning, regardless of your 
                                        discipline, with the help of iCED.
                                    
Explore professional development 
                                        opportunities or GSELS courses with Earth Ethics Institute.
Contact your campus IMPACT Committee chairs to learn more about how to get involved on your campus.
Plan to participate in TCH 1085 – Introduction to Changemaking 
                                        Education by registering through CIOL (FPD credits offered).
Look out for new learning experiences that will sharpen our skills in creativity, collaboration, human-centered design, and more.
Check out  
                                
                                    Participate.Com and enroll in some free online courses to 
                                        help educators teach the Global Goals or bring them into their coursework

                                Jump in and learn a little more about changemaking from our friends at AshokaU


                                Learn more about yourself - what kind of changemaker are you?


                                Explore the world of learning objectives and the UN SGDs


                                Read about our own strategy for changemaker education at MDC

See all Resources
Kelly Kennedy
                                    Hialeah Campus
                                
Eduardo Araujo-Pradere
                          Homestead Campus 
John Frazier
                                    Kendall Campus
                              
Jemimah Levy-Mitchell
                            Medical Campus
Matthew Sagowski
                                    North Campus
                              
Oscar Gonzalez
                          Padron Campus 
Dr. Terri Mitchell
                                West Campus
                          
Dr. Eric Belokon
                            Wolfson Campus 
Submit a profile for a MDC faculty member or a MDC staff member.
You can have a huge impact
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
