Media coverage of MDC
Get an overview and details about the College
Find information about study programs and degrees
Miami Dade College is among the most diverse institution in the nation. There are 167 nations and 63 languages represented in its student body. The College's eight campuses and multiple outreach centers offer more than 300 distinct degree pathways including associate and baccalaureate degrees, career certificates and apprenticeships. Baccalaureate degree offerings include biological sciences, engineering, data analytics, information systems technology, artificial intelligence (the first in Florida), education, public safety, supervision and management, nursing, physician assistant studies, film and others. MDC is the recipient of many top national awards including the Aspen Prize. As Democracy's College, MDC changes lives through accessible, high quality-teaching and learning experiences. It is the home of the Artificial Intelligence Centers, Miami Culinary Institute, Miami Animation & Gaming International Complex (MAGIC), Miami Fashion Institute, Eig-Watson School of Aviation, The Idea Center, Cybersecurity Center of the Americas, Cloud Computing Center, Center for Learning, Innovation and Simulation, School for Advanced Studies and New World School of the Arts, to name a few of its most innovative programs.
MDC has been named among the nation's "Great Colleges to Work For" since the program's inception. The College embraces its responsibility to serve as an economic, cultural and civic leader for the advancement of our diverse global community. Its alumni and employees contribute more than $3 billion annually to the local economy and MDC graduates occupy top leadership positions in every major industry. MDC is renowned for its rich cultural programming. It is the home of the Miami Book Fair, Miami Film Festival, the National Historic Landmark Miami Freedom Tower, Dyer Building, Koubek Center, MDC Live Arts, the Lynn and Louis Wolfson II Florida Moving Image Archives, the Museum of Art and Design, campus art galleries and theaters; and a sculpture park. MDC has admitted more than 2.5 million students and counting, since it opened its doors in 1960. More than 100,000 students are currently enrolled.
As democracy’s college, Miami Dade College changes lives through accessible, high-quality teaching and learning experiences.  The College embraces its responsibility to serve as an economic, cultural and civic leader for the advancement of our diverse global community.
To be the recognized leader in student learning, achievement and success while enriching our community
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
