Offering associate in arts degrees, associate in science degrees and vocational and college Credit certificates programs, Homestead Campus is home to hundreds of educational options that include in-demand fields, such as nursing, aviation, education and more. 
The Honors College is pleased to announce and welcome a new class at the Homestead Campus. This new campus will be the fifth Honors Campus at Miami Dade College and will begin accepting students in Fall 2022.
A pioneer in aviation training, the Eig Watson School of Aviation offers degrees and certificates in aviation administration, aviation maintenance management, professional pilot technology, flight instruction, air traffic control, and more.
Featuring an award-winning faculty in an epicenter of international trade, Miami Dade College's School of Business delivers top-notch education in a one-of-a-kind location.
Educate • Empower • Elevate - With a variety of strategically design programs, we offer our students many paths to a rewarding career in shaping the young minds of the future through lifelong learning.
Offering a variety of in-demand options, the acclaimed Benjamín León School of Nursing has trained more than 50 percent of Miami-Dade County's nurses.
We offer non-college credit courses for individuals who want to enrich their cultural experiences or improve their professional or occupational skills.
EnTec provides its students with unmatched opportunity and access to in-demand and exciting careers.  The fields of technology and engineering, although sometimes not obvious, touch our lives at nearly every moment of the  day.
The Humanities and Social Sciences Department aims to enrich students' academic, cultural, and intellectual interests, offering courses in philosophy, psychology, history, literature, English composition, speech communication, visual arts, and theater.
Through the prisms of math, biology and chemistry, the Mathematics and Science Department develops problem solving skill and opens minds to a new understanding of the world around us. 
Miami Dade College campuses offer more than 300 programs of study across several degree options, including associate and bachelor degrees, certificate programs, vocational training, and non-credit courses.
                        
Our Learning Resources labs and centers can help you make the grade. Stop in for one-on-one help, computer tutorials and more.
                        
Need to get in touch? Many of our offices are available to answer your questions over the phone or through e-mail.
                        
Fast Track Sharks at the Homestead Campus is a unique program designed to help incoming freshman transition to college by providing a strong academic foundation, individualized advisement, and a supportive learning environment. 
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. Additional information may be obtained by contacting the College’s Equity Officer: Dr. Joy C. Ruff, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator/Title IX Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-2; Miami, FL 33176. jruff@mdc.edu
