Explore the Programs at Miami Dade College
All nursing options require prerequisites to be completed. However, once students are accepted, students will take courses in cohorts in a lock-step format. Program lengths are as follows:
A total of 72 credits  is required for an Associate of Science in Nursing degree. Forty-two of those  must consist of credits in the nursing program.
The only course which may be taken concurrently with the nursing program is CGS1060C, however it is strongly recommended that students complete it prior to progressing to discipline courses.  Students may meet this graduation requirement with the successful completion of the Computer Skills Placement (CSP) Exam. This requirement may also be completed by students with an AA degree or higher from a regionally accredited institution recognized by MDC.
                  Note: It is  advisable that students complete this course prior to their first semester in  the School of Nursing.			  
Note: The Accelerated and Transition options have additional requirements. Please visit the Nursing RN Overview page to review their respective Program Course Lists.
Complete Program Requirements and follow these steps:
Note: While students are able to request which campus they attend, the campus that students complete their discipline classes will be assigned to them based on space availability.
This program is  competitive and has specific program requirements. Is this the right program for you?
      Step 1: Apply to MDC. If you have never taken classes at MDC, or  haven't taken classes in more than an academic year, please complete a Miami  Dade College application.
Step 2: Visit Medical Campus Program Requirements to request a Milestone Review.
    Step 3: Meet with a Medical  Campus Advisor to discuss program requirements and milestone checkpoints
    Step 4: Visit Medical Campus Program  Requirements web page  to request a Milestone Review by the target deadline date.  
Introduction to Healthcare (HSC 0003) Waiver Process
      Under certain conditions you may be eligible to apply for an exemption.
      Questions About This or Other Programs at the Medical Campus?
      Call 305-237-4141 or email: madvisement@mdc.edu.
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
