School of Continuing Education & Professional Development
The General Education Development (GED) test is also referred to as the High School equivalency test. Students take the GED test to demonstrate mastery of Math, Science, Social Studies, Reading and Writing. Upon successful completion of the GED test, a candidate is awarded a State of Florida high school diploma and is considered a high school graduate. Our program is customized based on your needs with experienced instructors and tutors ready to assist you throughout the program.
Highlights of the program include:
Requirements to begin the GED program:
Registration process:
Requirements  to begin the GED program:
Registration process:
*Additionally,  minors need:
For more information call the GED Department: 305-237-5124.
Requirements to begin the GED program:
Registration process:
Testing required:
To register for class:
GED Lab Hours of Operation:
Requirements to begin the GED program:
Registration Process:
Requirements to begin the GED program:
Test to be taken:
In order to obtain results:
Registration process:
General class sessions:
For more information, you may call the Continuing Education and Professional Development office at 305-237-6273.
Requirements to register for the GED program:
Registration process:
General class sessions:
For additional information, please call our office at: 305-237-3214 / 305-237-7680.
You can take the computer-based test at one of the seven Miami Dade College Campuses where it is offered: Hialeah, Homestead, Padrón, Kendall, North, West, and Wolfson.
All candidates need to pay the test fee: Computer-based test is $128
Your diploma will have the words "State of Florida" and "High School Diploma" on it.  It is just as valid as the diplomas given at any state high school.
At least 16 years of age.  Students who are 16 or 17 years old are eligible to prepare for the test at the college as long as they have parental approval and a high school withdrawal form signed by their high school principal.
Follow the registration steps for the campus of your choice as listed in the section above.
You must complete the Test for Adult Basic Education (TABE).  There is a one-time fee of $15 for taking the TABE. 
A GED staff member will provide you with your schedule.
Low TABE scores shouldn't stop you from seeking your GED. MDC has specific courses in the Adult Education department which can help you get to the 9.0 level that is necessary for the GED courses.
Yes. Home-study students must comply with the same requirements as students who are no longer attending Miami-Dade County Public Schools.
The GED program is a blended course.  There are instructors and tutors available to answer questions and assist students in the use of the computers. It is also possible to use paper and pencil materials for students who wish to do so.
Classes and/or labs are available during the morning, afternoon, evening, Saturdays and GED Preparation Online Program.
Tuition is $31.50 per semester.
All GED learning materials are in the classroom. There is no textbook required. However, if you want to study at home, please discuss this with the instructor.
Yes. We offer a GED Preparation Online Program where you can study from home using your computer and a web account that we can provide for you. Go to your local campus for testing to determine eligibility.
You can now submit important documents for your admissions process.
Visit our MDC Online Admission Form
Many opportunities await you upon completion:
View more student testimonials
Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution which does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, ethnicity, pregnancy, sexual orientation or genetic information. To obtain more information about the College’s equal access and equal opportunity policies, procedures and practices, please contact the College’s Equity Officer: Cindy Lau Evans, Director, Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and ADA Coordinator, at (305) 237-2577 (Voice) or 711 (Relay Service). 11011 SW 104 St., Room 1102-01; Miami, FL 33176. EquityOff@mdc.edu
